once he had worn trendy italian leather shoes and jeans , paris , who had cost three hundred euros .
today , unk_NN was feet bare and bleeding .
he wore tattered cotton pants stained the floor of his cell and a simple white t-shirt .
even so , he still towered over the two guards at his side , tall and broad-shouldered .
the collective gasp rise , a myriad up in the dark eyes , staring at him through the park , and unk_RB thought that the people probably gathered here today barely recognized him .
unk_PRP did n't mind .
the old unk_NN was gone , and he was a different person now .
new unk_NN did n't mind standing white , dirty , unk_NNS , unk_NNS and beautiful women with his every move .
after a few minutes he was dressed in pure white , screaming the name of the one that made him able to sing in the first place .
" unk_NN !
i 'm sorry . "
the young , sweaty guard that had a death grip on unk_NNP 's arm named unk_NN .
" they unk_VBP waiting , " unk_NN said reluctantly .
" you have to come now . "
unk_PRP felt his feet slap against the hot soiled square in slow motion .
next to the chipped block chopping concrete , the executioner waited a crisp black uniform and aviator unk_NNS , gripping a saudi arabian scimitar .
attention stood a few steps behind , the two doctors in white coats , watching the proceedings .
one of them held a dove gray tarp , folded in neat and square , this would be to wrap unk_PRP 's body .
none of unk_NNP 's family had any intentions of burying their wayward relative in a christian manner .
for a moment , whether his dead body laid on the ground facing mecca , or not the last thing in unk_NNP 's mind .
several feet from one of the shields of the opaque policemen , a pale face peeped out like a nondescript veil of black unk_NN .
she came .
unk_PRP 's heart surged through him and he stared at her , taking the last beauty he could ever see in this place called earth .
he met her weeping eyes calmly , intensely begging her not to cry and give herself away .
i will see you again , my sister .
and then , time for scanning the solemn crowd up , unk_NN and the other guard forced unk_NNS to his knees .
hot fingers grabbed his temple like a vise , twisting his head to one side , unk_VBG one cheek into the icy concrete .
urgent hands still held him down , kneeling and unk_RB realized he was facing the crowd , saw unk_NNP looking up at heaven .
i married you .
unk_PRP swallowed and his adam 's apple grazed the abrasive stone .
we have gone away to germany or canada together .
you end up unk_VBN and disheveled with all those children and i get bald and wrinkly .
but we sit together by the fireplace every night , our children singing a guitar and loving each other .
a unk_NN of black cloth descended in front of unk_NNP 's vision and cinched the hard knot in his skull .
the blindfold pressed his lashes tightly against his cheeks , leaving him blind , each beat of his heart slowly echoing through the darkness .
the pressure of hands on his head and disappeared back and the unearthly hush descended from the park .
the charges read him out loud on the list of things unk_PRP could never imagine becoming .
worship of satan , unk_NN began to pray loudly in arabic , and unk_PRP waited for his temple on the icy block .
prison , he warned , if he moved , the blade would miss and he would n't have killed the first fall of the scimitar .
the dove cooed overhead .
heart pounding in his chest , unk_NN waited in the darkness , knowing just more than a minute he could see the light .
1 karate had gone bad , she laid the guitar case on the smooth stump of the pines tree and cried , knowing only trees could hear .
a few tears later she stopped scrubbing her face with her soft unk_VBN skirt , never one of prolonged prolonged .
she let her eyes run into a battered case , balanced on an ancient offering stump , then carefully opened the dented clasps .
the taylor honey-colored taylor was still nestled in emerald velvet .
noah is this guitar .
unk_NN sniffed loudly and smiled , remembered him grinning at the stool in front of the caf , playing this guitar and singing his heart out .
she cradled taylor in her lap and began to pick her way through a few chords .
it was three months and it still hurt .
his arm was around unk_AFX when the bus went into the ravine , but she was thrown out the safety window .
noah had n't made it .
then she was here in montana , living with her parents at the ranch in her childhood home .
the missionary life of unk_NN was over with dreams , smashed into pieces of shattered glass by the bus where noah died .
the new chapter was about to begin and honestly , unk_AFX really did n't think she was ready .
staying here on a little bench sheltering a circle around the ranch trees was sounding better and better all the time .
a sharp crack sounded in the foliage .
unk_NN tensed and huddled with a comforting familiarity of guitar , totally aware that her reaction to the sound was overkill .
this is the ranch , after all .
squirrels and birds live in the trees that surrounded her , and yellowed leaves constantly crunching their way to the ground now swing full fall .
but after the unk_NN bus accident , she was kidnapped and nearly killed by a muslim group that bombed her bus .
so the unexpected sounds made her a little nervous .
that is ok , is n't it ?
" holy cow ! "
she shrieked without meaning , nearly dropping the guitar on her toes .
because of all a sudden defying her expectations , a little noise would end up like a stray squirrel unk_VBG around through the trees , a solid male figure emerged from the shadows .
she unk_VBD adrenaline , a vision full of a broad-shouldered man with skin color a mocha latte wearing a black shirt and brown corduroys .
" holy cow ! "
she gasped again , less fear and more irritation lacing her voice now .
the intruder was shadows now , holding up two tan hands in a gesture , meant to calm her down .
the dark curls that hung from his collar were gone , but those clear hazel eyes were unmistakable .
all the children of seven unk_NN had them .
" unk_NN !
it was me , " he said , adding only more fuel to the adrenaline storm and lashing annoyance at her insides .
the unk_NN .
from here .
her house in montana .
unk_NN unk_NN , the group that tried to kill her .
he was the bomb noah killed the bus .
and then he left everything behind to save unk_NN .
" are you scared of you , unk_NNS me ? "
she managed , feeling herself scowl .
she never imagined she would see him here .
sure , unk_NN they had both recruited a man who named rupert to work on the organization called unk_NNS .
unk_NN had known she would see unk_RB again next week when they had set off on an exploratory trip to make their final decision about working with the future unk_NN .
but for goodness sake , she supposed the weekend would still have to deal with this before seeing unk_RB again .
" what are you doing here ? "
she demanded .
yes , this was a friendly midwest , but unk_NN recognized not the tiniest hint of welcome in her voice .
now she was just plain irate .
and scared .
some of the spark in unk_NNP 's hazel eyes faded .
" last week , we said we could meet up on the trip , since we were both headed the same way .
and with unk_NN , i said , i will find you .
and you are here ?
" montana .
because unk_RB asked her to forgive him , they talked about the phone for a few minutes every couple weeks in unk_NN .
" see you soon then , " unk_RB said to her cell a week ago .
" i-i 'm sorry , " unk_NN exhaled slowly and closed her eyes .
they opened to unk_IN space crossing them tentatively , then offering a hand in greeting .
they mechanically unk_VBD the unk_NN , and cautiously unk_RB took a seat at the other extreme on the bench .
he looked younger , his hair shaved in a face that smoothed many of the tortured lines that marked it for three months earlier .
in the light in his eye , unk_NN flickered , begging to let it come back to life , as she promised him forgiveness for what he had done .
she let the light live or blow it back out .
her heart hurt as she crossed her arms over the top of her gray unk_NN and tried the hint of a smile .
" i 'm , really sorry .
i really just was n't expecting you . "
" i know ... " unk_NN lips twisted into a smile .
" i just thought i might drop by so we could take the trip to morocco together .
i can carry your stuff .
and i , uh thought , i see where you live , maybe meet your parents . "
unk_NN fought with polite words all the while nearly swallowing her tongue .
" meet my parents . "
she blinked hard at the memory of unk_NN , connecting first to her face with a sudden gravity as she spun on the dirt and collapsed .
unk_IN pressing the hunting knife to her throat and dragging her through the forest .
is this guy killer ?
brother and her best friend unk_NN .
and insanely her co-worker possible in the future .
a little panicked , her gaze flitted to her little sanctuary of the trees , a cedar bench there as long as she could remember .
beyond the house she had always known her childhood bedroom in the living room where she had ripped open presents for christmas and drank coffee in a good novel .
" ok , " she blurted .
" my parents are n't here now , though .
they still both work . "
" fine . "
unk_RB leaned back against the bench , seemingly content , just taking the shades of changing autumn leaves .
unk_NN suddenly felt smothered , faced by the prospect of the next several days of his company .
what in the world are they supposed to talk about ?
she eyed him sideways , but he just sat there with that zen-like tranquility , meditating in nature .
it was making her crazy .
" i 'm taking karate .
your instructions , " she informed him , just break the silence .
unk_NN 's eyes lit up in surprise and he tore his gaze from the unk_JJ trees .
" good .
unk_RB raised one eyebrow and grinned dangerously as he eyed unk_NNP 's long plaid skirt .
" think you can show me some of what you learned ?
" that .
" why not ? "
unk_NN frowned .
" right now .
like you fight .
are you serious ? "
" sure .
i 've got to see if you unk_VBP unk_VBG . "
" besides , " unk_NN 's tone was quiet yet challenging .
" i do n't think you 'll turn down a chance to give me a few good kicks . "
suddenly he was on a bench and a few feet away , feet firmly planted on the ground .
" unk_NN , is n't nice . "
" now , " unk_NN was grinning solemnly , " i do n't want to be too mean to you , either since this is our first fight .
so today i was just going to use beginner skills .
just show me what you got . "
with that , unk_RB sidestepped her back around , so fast she barely had time to register that he was going to try to grab her behind .
not ready .
unk_NN 's eyes widened as she racked her mind for what she was supposed to do about this situation .
she was going to classes every stinking day , after all .
even if unk_RB told her to do karate make her feel better , it worked .
whacking and kicking things ended up in a very entertaining way to spend the last months there .
the correct kick flashed through her mind as she was already beginning to execute it on instinct .
she managed to twist unk_AFX away just in time , feeling the thickness of his arms brush against her cheek .
ha ha !
apparently , all hours of practice were paying off .
but now unk_RB was coming toward her again , ready to take a swing at her head .
moving easily , unk_NNP ducked left just in time , then rolled to the ground , and shot a strong kick upward into the belly of the unk_NN barely missing .
it appeared to her muscles , really stronger than all those hours spent in unk_AFX karate studio .
" man ! "
he eyed her with something she could almost call an appreciation .
" you unk_VBP fast .
you hold me off for a while , those lightning kicks .
unfortunately , because i 'm bigger , i do this . "
before she even knew how it happened , he hauled her to her feet and had her from a near-by tree .
there was no way she could escape his weight , and his steely grip on her elbows tightened painfully if she even attempted to move .
" no , no . "
she shrieked , feeling the rage of losing and powerlessness of not being able to do a thing about it .
blame it on only a child , but hated losing unk_NN .
" get me ! "
she grunted and flung her head backwards and flung just where she imagined unk_NNP 's eye socket .
she actually saw a few white stars in her skull , his face connected , but the satisfaction of hearing him swear his breath was more than worth it .
but that was her last move .
hold of her elbows tightened even more and unk_RB pressed her farther into the tree , his cheek plastered against hers .
" ok , you win , " she pronounced , speaking carefully to her lips , only centimeters from the bark of the tree .
" you did really well , though . "
the hiss of unk_NN breath in her ear was quite annoying .
" i 'll show you how to do this hold , i 've got your arms in .
someday , i hope you are able to kick my rear into a fight , well , at least if i have the flu . "
unk_NN glared , hoping he could see her scowl to the side as he pulled away from her and released hold of death in her arms .
a sharp crack sounded in the clearing .
unk_NN 's gaze jerked upward in a flurry of dust and bark rained down on her head , the dull unk_NN of an object slamming into her tree .
" down ! "
unk_RB growled into her ear .
her knees buckled as his weight slammed into her and they crashed to the ground .
her first thought was that it was a bullet .
someone is shooting at us .
unk_RB remained on top of her and she flipped her head toward the source of the sound , more than a little frantic .
unk_RB unk_RB whipped out the gun and into a position to shoot anything that came out of sight of the trees .
but instead of another bullet , a low voice cut through the clearing .
" get away from her or you 'll be a dead man .
next time i wo n't miss . "
unk_NN mind unk_VBD over , unbelieving .
this is not happening .
unk_NN 's forearm , the gun tensed as a lanky man in a denim jacket appeared to unk_VBD a golden oak tree .
his eyes narrowed and he trained the unwavering shotgun exactly on unk_NNP 's head .
" do n't shoot ! "
unk_NN screamed at the man holding the gun .
" it 's ok .
do n't shoot ! "
she roughly elbowed unk_RB , face sizzling with chagrin .
" get off ! "
she gasped .
" i ca n't breathe .
he did n't shoot us , it was just my dad . "
unk_NN met rachel and married her husband , eduardo , unk_NN , unk_NN .
they have three adorable children and currently live in a beautiful unk_NN .
unk_GW @ hotmail.com , im not crazy .
now i hate one for unk_NN , but when i say all hell broke loose , im talking about fire and brimstone kinda hell .
some quick , first background point background , my friend isaac had taken a picture , we were climbing for nearly twelve hours and now roughly 1500 feet from the valley floor .
we started up the face of the steep snow , well before dawn , and the break in the day looked like the skies clear and light of winds .
it was really a beautiful day .
mid-morning had all changed .
the skies clouded over and brought it to the winds , plummeting into the snow between temperatures and light .
no biggie , right ?
you say most unk_NNS that few flurries normally do n't increase the pucker factor .
i do n't go pucker factor definition , but trust me , the high pucker factor is really not good .
as it was , we were looking at the low unk_NN , so i really was n't too worried , but i could keep a watchful eye on the deteriorating conditions .
shortly after that photo , all hell broke loose .
the skies became angry and violent .
temperatures hovered around zero and the light snow opened up into a full blown blizzard .
has anyone dropped every ice cube on your back ?
well , that was a welcome relief to the pile of snow .
fortunately , due to my superior intellect , i was able to recognize the repetitive event after only caught them five times .
before the sixth dowsing of snow , i pulled my hood over my head .
i know i know pure genius .
isaacs simple and my plan to climb .
once we reached that snow , it was easy ( but dangerous ) , climbing to the summit , climbing the summit .
no right problemo .
or so we thought .
i have to admit .
by the time we are making that traverse , diamond , i am tired .
i have n't worked on my conditioning , as well as i am wearing prior to climb and higher elevations really wearing me out .
to make matters worse , i ca n't bring enough food or water , so my energy reserves are pretty low .
to my relief isaac led the traverse while i hung back and paid out the rope .
i hung a large block that sheltered me from the avalanches of spindrift above while i watched isaac pick his way over the cliff .
with a little little , he alternated between his hands and feet as he moved sideways , relying on a hand and footholds to hold him off the steep cliff .
hanging there cold , the winds howled .
i could feel the energy draining from my body for a minute .
i shivered uncontrollably now and shook out each hand to knock some warmth back on them .
time seemed to move so slowly as i watched isaac traverse that cross .
every so often isaac placed a piece of climbing gear on the rocks and threaded the rope through it .
if he fell , hed only drop the length of climbing gear instead of 1500 feet below .
unk_MD stopped halfway to traverse isaac .
he was now at the point , unk_NN called a notch .
unk_NN break a wide notch as the cliff ran nearly to the mountain top .
it was far less steep , and if it was viewing the distance , it even considered the unk_NN carved from the top of the cliff .
i watched isaac stand the statue far out in front of me .
he did n't move .
he did n't look up .
he did n't look around .
he just stared straight ahead .
come on , sally .
grow some balls and move .
im a freakin unk_NN here , i remember thinking of myself as i watched him stand idly by .
just then , the white world went to me .
the enormous spindrift avalanche careened off the face of the cliff behind me and completely blocked my view of isaac .
holy unk_JJ , i yelled out , only i ca n't say unk_NN .
no sir , that was a lot of snow , enough to fill up a couple of very large houses .
i felt the rope go taut and pulled hard to take up the slack .
i was scared .
i could feel a sickening feeling in the pit of my stomach as i envisioned isaac as the cliff swept over the avalanche .
a moment later , as last of the snowy dust floated on by , i could see him .
there was isaac standing still where i saw him last .
the rope had only gone taut due to the weight of snow as it rushed it .
isaac was not swept away .
dude , did you see that ?
i yelled out to isaac , but he never heard of me .
i saw isaac look up a notch unk_NN then shuffle quickly across .
facing the mountain , he moved his right foot to his right , then moved his left foot over to match it .
over and over , isaac repeated the shuffling sequence of the cliff as he continued to stare up at the top .
as he moved , i paid out the rope holding him in case he lost his footing and slipped off to the edge of the cliff .
i was his lifeline , but i had no idea if i could hold his weight in the fall event .
watching him cross , i looked down the full length of the 1500 foot cliff .
we are high .
due to the deteriorating conditions , we needed to move faster and place the less gear route gear to fall .
i felt damned scared , but buried my fears and concentrated on my job .
moments later , isaac made it to the other side of the snowy slope .
suddenly i heard unk_NN loud .
isaac was gone again .
i pulled hard on the rope and locked off my belaying device .
then i saw it in the falling snow .
mother , all avalanches avalanches , creating a white cloud of snow that rushed down into the snowy face and a cliff .
oh crap !
i remember saying my mind but again i do n't say crap .
i braced myself again , tug i figured isaac .
seconds later the rope went slack .
the snow was clear out , isaac was , still clinging to the rocks on the other side of the snow slope , and he was grinning from ear to ear .
unk_NN , did you see that ?
isaac yelled over the cliff face toward me .
the rush of beating the tempest had his adrenaline pumping .
i could see he was scared yet invigorated .
ok man , youre up next , he yelled out at me .
a sick feeling swept through me .
it was indeed my turn to run the gauntlet .
i looked at me in a futile attempt to avoid the inevitable , but finally isaac yelled back over to me again .
unk_RB , you got to hurry .
lets go , he yelled out at me with deep impatience in his voice .
quickly i dismantled the anchors , holding me on the mountain , and started my way to a rock and a snowy cliff .
hand in hand , i reached for anything i could grab each time , double checking that isaac was taking up slack .
rocky 's face was cold , and now the light dusting of snow had it .
my thin unk_NN gloves were great when the temps were in the forties , but now hovering temps around zero , rendering the gloves almost useless .
my fingers were so cold that they were cramping as i reached my next handhold .
i now become increasingly worried that i was n't going to be able to hold on much longer .
my survival instincts kicked in and i dug deep .
i moved quickly and deliberately , but awkward lunges that continually held me off balance .
my heart was pumping and i could feel the building of anxiety as i closed the distance , the snowy slope to my right .
a minute later , as giving my hands out , i made my final step up the snow slope , where i fell forward and rested .
good job dude , now that unk_NN cross i heard isaac yell at me as i lay and rested .
as if in a dream state , i heard him yell at me and you got the time of avalanches .
i yelled out in disbelief .
up at that moment , i had n't realized the amount of snow falling .
snow at some point out that cliff increased in intensity to be heavy to be savage .
the snowflakes were large and rate nearly two feet accumulating an hour .
that much unstable snow around us , rolling avalanches to spindrift now , down unk_NN , a notch , every fifteen seconds .
crossing 50 feet wide , unk_EX would take that all of fifteen in seconds if you moved fast .
if you would n't be disastrous as a result .
that much snow could easily sweep you off and over the cliff .
perfect , i remember saying myself .
no sooner than i unk_VBD , i watched the barreling snow wall down around me as it roared through the snow , the narrow valley slopes above .
quickly i dug my hands and feet into the snow and hung on .
i watched for only a moment , just then on impact , i buried my head down on my shoulders and braced myself against the terrifying wave of snow .
the first of the snow flowed around me like a gentle stream of water , but that did n't last long .
a split second later , i felt the full force of snow wall that raged on top of me .
it taunted me , laughed at me , mocked my insignificant strength as it pushed and dragged me lower to my unk_JJ position .
nooo , i remember screaming in my mind as my feet broke free of the solid land and floated into space .
on the edge of i was going on a cliff , the cliff edge perched on 1500 feet of the world .
is this really going to suck ?
suddenly all that went quiet .
as quickly as the avalanche came , it went .
i immediately crawled higher and leapt to my feet .
i gave a cursory glance over the edge of the cliff just inches from me , then over to isaac .
he was smiling at unk_NN , you almost cratered the man .
he yelled at me .
then he added , lets go , now .
i knew i had only seconds until the next wave of snow came .
isaac pulled hard on the rope , snapping me out of my foggy state and i started off towards the open snow slope .
the snow was now deep , almost on my knees , and i dug deep into my reserves to plow through the heavy mess .
forty feet , thirty feet , twenty feet , i powered down the slope of the steaming locomotive , focusing on the only unk_JJ destination .
i saw isaac look upward and i knew the way its disaster .
harder and more determined , i plowed the last steps of the feet .
twenty feet , ten feet , then i heard the roar of a wave above .
i looked up and saw the next roiling wall of snow as it charged down the slope of the snow .
suddenly i felt a hard jerk of my jacket only it was n't above above sideways .
isaac reached out , grabbed my jacket and hauled me to safety .
dude , man , you are almost a pretty cool statistic , huh ?
isaac yelled at me with a roar like an avalanche .
yeah , cool , i replied grimly .
isaac set up the bomber anchor system , and for a moment i felt fairly secure .
i looked over at isaac and he was now looking at the rock wall behind us .
ok man , we got to climb up this rocky face , then step out of the diamond corner .
thats where it gets a little sketchy .
well do that short pitch of rock , then off to that step and the snow slope above .
the sound was ok .
i remember isaac asking me .
yup , i replied dryly through gritted teeth .
what are we thinking ?
what a freakin diamond unk_JJ peak in the middle of winter , we are insane .
whats the diamond you ask ?
only the rock mother of all are the colorado faces .
its nearly 2000 sheer feet and overhanging rock , only the best of attempt and most skilled at the climbers to climb .
fortunately , we were only planning on doing the very last fifty feet of it .
at least that was the plan .
that last section was supposed to be relatively easy climbing , but now it was dark getting , and the snows really were accumulating on the rocky surfaces we were depending on the handholds .
hold me , i want to check out the diamond , isaac said to me .
i paid out the rope as he worked to lower his way to the edge of the cliffs .
once there , he grabbed a rocky handhold and extended himself out to drop a 1500 foot off .
he looked down a moment , then his left left , upper face we were about to climb .
he stared at it , what felt like an eternity .
i shouted out , howling winds .
isaac pulled himself back into the land and worked his way back up to me .
in no way , it was a man that aint happening .
that whole face is covered in snow , isaac said .
we 've got to find another way up .
any suggestions ?
yeah , unk_VB # t my pants then use ice my axes to climb up the snowy mess in front of us , i suggested .
isaac looked up at the wall of snow , rock and ice stood between us and the snow upper slope twenty feet higher .
if we just get it , the summit will only more than a few hundred feet climbing easy on the snow .
isaac turned to me and said , ok # unk_NN # unk_VBG your pants said for .
i have done unk_JJ # unk_NN you got me , i replied dryly .
i took out my ice axes , unk_NNS looped around my wrists and approached the mess in front of me .
those who do n't know what the ice axe is , pick miniature , it is the axe .
you swing a pick , ice and pull the handle to climb higher .
its that simple .
i brushed the heavy snow from the rocks and searched for a handhold .
as i placed my hand on the nice blocky surface , it quickly slid off .
ice 's thin layer of ice had now glazed the surfaces of the rocks .
it was no use .
using my hands alone just was n't going to work .
undaunted , i decided to use the pick of my ice axes to try to climb higher .
i placed the front point in a tiny crack and pulled hard .
held it .
i pulled the axe handle and moved higher as isaac paid out the rope .
this is scary climbing ( pucker ) factor unk_NN 8 .
the ice axes are used to thick ice , where the front point of ice axe sinks deep , you are giving hold of a secure .
now my points of front axes only held the rock to shear gravity .
if i moved the wrong way , they could just easily pop off the rock and id fall , not good .
i moved up a few feet from the outer corner where a blocky face met above , diamond face .
gingerly , i placed my axes on the glazed rocks and pulled hard , trying to get them to stick .
i then peered out around the corner .
isaac was right .
that diamond was literally covered in snow .
i looked up at the corner i was now climbing .
a few feet higher , it appeared that the texture became more blocky and easier to climb .
the problem was that id have to straddle the corner of one leg with a blocky face and the other in the face of a diamond .
id literally been hanging 1500 feet from the valley floor , only tiny points for my axes .
got me ?
i yelled to isaac to the winds .
isaac could have seen the fear in my eyes .
he smiled unk_RB and yelled , ok. my stomach churned as i looked down at the falling snow .
it was almost dark , and i could barely see the large blocks of snow on the valley floor far below .
my hands sweated even while they froze the axe handles .
i was scared of the damned scared .
unk_NN i reached up 10 and scraped off some snow from me , looking for good placement .
feeling around , i located a tiny crack and slipped the point of the axe into it .
as i weighted it , i moved my right foot out to face the diamonds .
half my body hanging out 1500 feet over in the air , i was now straddling the hairy edge of my raging fear .
i did n't want to look down that i was n't really .
something in my subconscious mind does n't allow me to do it .
suddenly , a wild blast of arctic wind slammed my body , rocking me in my stance .
my feet skidded momentarily , then one popped into its placement .
quickly i found another foot hold , but then again , another gust of wind slammed into me , knocking loose both feet .
in an instant , i was now dangling my ice axes from a 1500 foot cliff , swinging wildly in the wind .
fear roiled through me .
i lost my breath as i frantically searched my feat for any type of purchase .
fumbling , freaking and unk_VBG , i was running with strength and running at the time .
i needed a miracle .
another gust broadsided me .
my left axe wobbled and popped into its feeble placement .
oh my god !
i remember saying myself .
this was it .
this is how im going to die .
i felt another tug , then .
isaac had anticipated my fall and was now doing his best to reel what a little slack in the rope he could find .
i felt my body lunge sideways at him .
he was nearly pulling me off the cliff .
as i flailed in the air , i made a desperate attempt to hook my axe with anything hold .
isaac tugged again and drew me around the corner .
i reached into a blocky face and i scrambled to my feet to find something to stand on below .
suddenly my foot found something about unk_NN , a tiny unk_NN .
i stepped toward it and immediately pushed hard , forcing me to isaac 's closing .
for a moment , it held , then it did n't .
i sprung off the cliff once more , dangling again , thrashing wildly against the wind .
i could feel the veins in my neck pulsating with savage fear .
what felt like seconds in mere hours , but it was enough to drain me with all mental and physical strength .
i could barely hold any longer .
isaac tugged hard .
i made another desperate lung with my free hand .
the axe caught on the edge and stuck .
my feet found a stance .
for a moment it was over .
i found a respite .
isaac somehow hauled me into the diamond face , pulled me around the corner , and i was now standing a few feet from him , a blocky face above .
with a breath of strength and my mind , i jump backward and dropped the snow onto the next slope to isaac .
i collapsed into my tiny crater and rested .
unk_VB , watch out for the man in the avalanche .
isaac hollered out .
moving on instinct alone , i rolled my stomach and dug my frozen hands into deep snow as i planted my boots on me .
i buried my face in the snow and waited .
a thick , violent wave rolled over top of me , isaac stood firmly and held me with the rope .
i fought hard in my position , but no match for forces of nature .
with very little strength left , i ripped at my position and dragged unk_NN to the edge of the cliff .
abruptly , my slide came to a stop as the snow fought to push me further .
i felt a wave dissipate like an avalanche , and i looked up to investigate my predicament .
there stood standing through clenched teeth , isaac .
his arms outstretched , he hauled back the rope and prevented my cliff slide .
are you just going to lay there unk_VBG all night ?
isaac shouted over the wind .
quickly , i jumped to my feet and plowed into deep snow , ascending a short distance between us .
so what do you think ?
wan na give it another shot ?
isaac asked , grinning from ear to ear .
if i was n't so tired , id kill you right now .
so what ?
now youre gon na unk_VB when so close to the summit .
isaac teased .
yes , i replied bluntly .
lets good call , get the hell out of here , isaac responded in a grave tone .
at that point , i was too tired to do anything but belay him back down the snow slope .
the darkness had finally come and the snows were raging now , reducing visibility to near the conditions .
isaac ascended higher down the slope and waited for the next avalanche to pass through .
even before the rush dissipated , he started off to the other side .
i paid out the rope with a frozen finger as he plowed his way through the deep snow .
forty feet thirty feet , isaac moved with determination .
he was nearly a halfway mark when i heard him scream in the wind .
hold me !
just then , isaac caught the avalanche .
the intensity of the blizzards heightened , dumping even greater amounts of snow into the upper regions of us .
unk_JJ snow created spindrift , unk_VBN with a greater quantity and ferocity .
isaac jumped to the ground and burrowed in as quickly as he could , but it was too late .
a wave of snow rolled over him , knocking him backward and dragging him down the mountain .
hold me hold of me .
i heard him scream out , now barely audible twenty feet behind him .
i pulled hard and watched in desperation as he continued to slide over the edge of the cliff .
his stomach slid rolled onto his stomach and pounded his hands and feet into the snow desperately trying to anchor himself down the slope .
he slipped downward , twenty feet fifteen feet from the edge of ten feet off the cliff .
his boots seemed mere feet from going over .
the wave slowed , so did isaacs descent .
he jumped up and tried to swim higher up the slope .
seconds later , he jumped back down once more and buried his limbs in the snows of him .
i pulled hard on the rope , holding him inevitable .
the malevolent entity threatening snow raged on top of him , him threatening him punishing his mountain presence .
as isaac fought his life , he began his downward to slide off the cliff .
fifteen feet , ten feet , five feet .
i watched in horror as his feet broke into the crust of snow that defined the edge of the cliffs .
isaacs feet were now dangling in the air .
as the man swimming in the mighty rapids of the river , isaac flailed in his arms and nudged his knees higher .
then , as quickly as the avalanche had struck , it was gone .
isaac leapt to his feet and lunged toward the snows as he fought his way to the far side of the snow slope .
he was safe .
its a walk to the cake .
your turn dude .
isaac yelled from the other side .
the gods of nature smiled down at me .
i timed the avalanches correctly and unk_NN sprang like a gazelle .
i remember the look of relief in isaacs eyes as i stepped toward him , barely making it avalanche next to the series .
nice walk night , eh ?
he asked , lovely , i replied in a pleasant tone .
the next five hours , isaac and i worked our way back down the mountain , then down to the long and steep slope of snow that lead to the valley floor .
fortunately for us , the blizzard slowed quite a bit and avalanches avalanches all but disappeared .
by the time we got back to our camp , it was midnight .
we 've been climbing almost 20 hours straight .
ive told this story before and usually receive the same reactions , shakes , head and standard verbal unk_NNS , why did you do that ?
you freakin crazy !
well , all i have to say is that crazy man wo n't dangled a solitary ice axe from 1500 feet to the ground , petrified beyond comprehension .
nope , the crazy man let go .
im not crazy .
ps isaac later in my years , friend , another avalanche tangled while climbing alone .
sadly , he never made it out alive .
thanks for reading .
if you enjoyed the short story above , please read the following chapters of a tear sample ( time a tear as torn . )
again , never see the past world as they remembered , as one death would change the worlds destiny forever .
lena williams , energetic eight-year-old , raced back and forth across the worn lawn as she chased the tiny moths that had hidden themselves in grass blades .
with each swipe of her hand , she expertly snatched the tiny white targets in midair , then released them back to the world safely .
oh yeah .
unk_NN , did you see that ?
lena asked proudly .
damn le like youre a ninja or something , unk_NN replied .
beaming with pride , lena replied , mom too bad does n't see my skills .
shes working on le .
shell be home for a couple hours .
maybe you should show her then , unk_MD answered .
moms always working , lena said unk_RB , then added too bad we did n't have unk_NNS dad next door .
then mom would stay home too .
le have you , dad ?
he just does n't come around no more , and unk_NNS 's mom does n't work shes a lazy cause , unk_NN replied as delicately as he knew how .
lena stopped running and sat down next to unk_VB .
did you ever see your dad , unk_NN ?
lena asked sincerely .
not for a long time .
not since before he went to prison .
that was before you were born , unk_MD replied .
oh , lena said simply .
miss you , im .
he was n't much around even before he was sent up , unk_MD answered .
well , i miss my dad , replied lena .
damn le you never even seen im before .
how did you even miss im ?
unk_MD blurted out a quick reaction .
i just do , unk_PRP sure he misses me too , replied lena .
unk_NN knew his sister was hurting her fathers rejection .
hoping to take her mind off her pain , he searched anything to distract her .
hey , le check out those moths over in the street .
bet you do n't catch em all , unk_NN said with a challenging smirk .
bet i can , replied lena , laughing .
immediately , lena sprang to her feet and darted to the edge of the road , both hands sweeping through the air as she lunged for more moths .
unk_NN watched her for a moment , then became distracted as the older unk_NN of paint faded slowly drifted to the stop sign beginning their street .
unremarkable at first , the long length of time spent with the sign to stop made an old sedan a conspicuous sight .
more of his attention was focused on the car .
something just was n't right .
he squinted hard as he tried to see the darkened tinted windows , but it was no use .
the occupants remained in mystery .
unk_NN began to feel uneasy .
the old unk_NN had literally parked to a stop for what sign now felt like an eternity .
he glanced over at lena , then back at the suspicious car .
a knot in the pit of his stomach began to grow .
come le here in a minute , unk_NN said with a nervous tone .
just a minute , unk_NN .
i almost caught em all , lena replied , indifferent to her world .
unk_NN saw the brakes release from old unk_NN , then quickly stop again , almost as if by accident .
he looked up the street to see if the vehicle intended on pulling out but reconsidered due to another passing car .
strangely , there were no other vehicles in sight .
lena will come here , unk_NN said .
unk_NNS use her hearing as a full name , lena stopped and stared at her brother for a moment .
she could see a peculiar look spread across his face as he turned back to the mysterious unk_NN .
whats the matter unk_NN ?
lena asked innocently .
that was there in cars for a while .
maybe you should go to the house for a minute , unk_NN replied , now feeling anxiety at the moment .
ahhh , lena sounded out in protest .
i do n't want to go inside .
its just a unk_NN car .
besides , i can take care of myself , stated lena proudly .
uh uh , sure you just get out of the house , unk_NN responded bluntly .
just one more m. lena began , but cut short , revving unk_NNS engine .
lena could get to the damn house now .
unk_VBD shouted loudly .
suddenly aggressively , the old unk_NN released its brakes and stormed around the corner .
squealing , tires and smoke billowing from the car , an old sedan charged up the street towards them .
oh , no , unk_VB murmured to himself , almost sobbing in in tone .
little time to react , unk_VB sprang to his feet and hurried to his sister .
lena stood paralyzed with confusion .
she knew something was wrong , but too young and naive to fully understand unk_NNS actions .
unk_MD watched in horror as unk_NNS dark tinted windows began lower .
within seconds , his worst fears were realized the occupants extended their guns out the windows .
a deafening sound came from their automatic weapons to life .
as the bolts of white light streaked the ends of the gun barrels , unk_NN lunged at lena , knocking her to the ground .
he instinctively rolled over top of her to protect her as the hail of bullets tore into the ground behind them .
the faded unk_NN roared past , unk_NN and lena lay motionless on the front lawn , their minds and bodies unable to react .
at a slow time , unk_NN seemed to almost count the bullets as they exited the guns .
one one each bullet had miraculously missed it , mark .
unk_NN looked into his sisters eyes .
she was not hit .
suddenly he realized they were both alive and it made a drive-by shooting .
unk_VB quickly leapt to his feet , pulling lena up behind him .
the sight of spread still two alive was quickly the driver of the car .
in an instant , he slammed his brakes and brought the old unk_NN to a quick halt .
throwing it into reverse , he immediately roared backward street with unk_NN and lena .
seconds later the driver slammed on the brakes once more and brought the heavy vehicle to a quick stop .
lena grabbed the waist and sprang to the edge of the road .
with the stride of the gazelle , he bounded across the front lawn with amazing speed and agility , his adrenaline pumping in full capacity .
unk_NN came faded to a stop , all its doors flung open and four young men exited the vehicle quickly .
with their guns still drawn , they were wasted in no time in continuing their task .
unk_MD leaped to the top step of his front porch and felt a sharp razor-like object strike on his left side .
before the bullet could even first register the second bullet struck him right on the shoulder , rendering his arm useless .
instantly , lena dropped to the porch , unk_NN collapsing behind her .
an eerie , quiet neighborhood spread as four thugs reloaded .
knowing this was their only hope for survival as unk_NN crawled through the front door and tried to wrap his fingers around the lower corner .
with his hand covered in blood , they slipped off the edge of the door .
get le stay out of the house , unk_NN ordered low .
lena was scared and crying lay beside her brother , unable to move .
lena could get moving now .
unk_NN shouted .
im scared , lena whimpered .
can you block ?
go now hurry up !
unk_VBD assured confidently .
nodding reluctantly , lena quickly stood up and pulled the front door open as unk_NNS moved to shield her from the four nearby men .
instantly the roar of bullets unleashed a swath of destruction in front of the house , breaking the windows and knocking over the siding shingles .
as lena began to enter the house , another bullet entered unk_NNS lower back , knocking him forward at the door , closing it momentarily over unk_NN body .
unk_MD rolled to his side and dropped down onto the porch deck once more .
lena cried out in fear and disbelief .
lena could get inside .
go now .
unk_NN said , his voice barely now audible .
no , i can help you , lena replied with determination .
before unk_NNS could protest , lena reached down and grabbed him by his shirt .
she pulled all her unk_NNS pushed to his feet .
suddenly , lena exhaled abruptly and sounded a guttural moan as the bullet struck her in the chest .
immediately she slumped to the ground , then rolled to the top of the unk_NN .
both victims down , four thugs ran back to the waiting car and sped off .
once again , the eerie , quiet neighborhood swept from one to one by one ventured out to unk_NN .
further south , the signal mountain stood dr. unk_NNS from his wooden deck .
sadly , he checked his watch on unk_NN .
after a moment of solemn respect , he uttered a few simple words , forgive me , lena .
save your death for thousands .
turning away , he stared out at the city and spoke .
dominoes were tumbling destiny now , david unk_JJ .
flowing placidly placidly around the city , the river touched the edge of civilization , then abruptly changed course and headed north , past mountain of signal .
sitting patiently on the elevated boulder , the young boy hung from his makeshift fishing water pole in an attempt to catch his breakfast .
looking around the city , he could see tall stacks of smoke emitted from evidence of men toiling at work .
light blew a gentle breeze from the valley of high plains grasses , carrying it with the fragrance of fresh cut hay and wildflowers .
the breeze brushed his face , filling his tiny nostrils with the scent of nature and sending warm contentment as his body as the sun shined down on him .
he reveled in his independence as he envisioned the other boys suffering from school while he enjoyed his unk_NN day .
the city limits bend the sharpest of the river with a small force of confederates that guarded the main dock and prepared for supplies to unload .
in the morning sun in the direction of the regimental captain , the men formed a human chain that led the boat to horse-drawn wagons .
hand in hand , they passed goods and ammunition , one soldier in the next sequence until the final soldier was arranged and stacked supplies neatly back on the wagon .
at this hour of the day the sun sat lower in a cloudless sky , warming temperatures in a comfortable seventy degrees .
if it was not their unk_JJS duty duty , soldiers would have normally enjoyed the balmy climate .
when the wagon completely filled the driver snapped the reins of the horses team and started off towards their encampment , unk_IN took unk_IN the next line driver to his place loading .
on the dock , a local merchant swept an elevated wooden walkway in front of his general store .
at the rear entrance , the young man helped load the heavy sacks and other supplies to the waiting wagon delivered to the local resident .
further along the boardwalk , the blacksmith and livery were hard at work , attending the needs of the community as well as those of the confederate officers who entrusted their belongings to their care .
the main thoroughfare with secondary and unk_JJ roads dotted the tiny houses on the roads leading to town .
unsuspecting and mostly indifferent to the violent world around their borders , they went for their lives , contented with their own daily struggles .
- - - the - - hidden from the opposite side of the river , a dense thicket and underbrush - several companies of union sharpshooters lay wait .
quietly and undetected , they moved toward the rivers edge sneaking in for the protection of the darkness .
concealed perfectly , they laid on their stomachs and waited for their signal .
they watched in anxious fascination as the confederates on the opposite side of the river worked to unload their delivered supplies .
with their rifles aimed at their targets , they unk_VBD time by calculating unk_NN and elevation .
time seemed to slow as they waited for their death signal .
two hundred yards away , they were well aware of their ability to hit their mark .
dan spread out shoulder to shoulder , they presented a menacing sight .
wait , seemed to go on forever .
shifting their weight from side to side , they tried to alleviate their discomfort .
with their arms and legs fell asleep , they shook them out , unk_VBG blood to their extremities , gaining the feeling in their hands and feet once again .
a few unlucky insects presented more of the distraction from the lack of feeling in their limbs .
the regularity would find ants returning to their nest as their passage blocked the hulking mass blue .
the investigation of the ants angrily attacked any bare skin , biting and pinching a futile attempt to drive the enemy .
their feeble assault met with equal aggression as the soldier swatted and crushed his irritating attackers .
time is their enemy .
quietly waiting in the underbrush , each soldier pondered his own fate .
away from the foothills to the edge of the river , union artillery waited for their unk_NN james orders unk_RB .
his horse was high , barrel-chested and confident , he posed an impressive figure .
he sat pensively and observed the scene below .
lifting his unk_NN to his eye , he continued to look at weakness and opportunity .
with an authoritative voice , he redirected the cannons down into the line of specific targets as he developed his impromptu battle plan .
the union soldiers were manned by their artillery stations ; they looked out over the valley at the confederate soldiers drilling into formation in the far open field on the opposite side of the river .
several cannons were already directed at them , but with a quick nod of his head , unk_PRP ordered the additional cannon support from that location .
feeling somewhat detached from the impending doom confederates , they obeyed their orders and indifferently aimed the deadly weapons at the center of the field .
standing with their designated cannon , each soldier mentally prepared himself for battle .
in their elevated position and protected by the river , they all felt relatively safe , that safer with their comrades below in the river .
they survived battles for previous years , and well seasoned their trade .
they knew there would be casualties , but felt relatively sure that the element of surprise was fairly one-sided in battle .
they looked down at their comrades who crept up to the river edge just before dawn .
a sense of sadness and anxiety come from them over , knowing they are out of harms way .
any retaliation for the rebel forces would start with them .
thickets are well-hidden , confederate soldiers have a tough time unk_VBG the exact locations of each union soldier .
the confederates hear the sound of union rifles and fire in that direction .
most of the blue boys were lucky and the wild escape and harried by the lead volleys .
some would not .
the previous day , june 6th , dr. unk_NN was prepared for one of the supply wagons , operating makeshift table in preparation for the impending battle .
with a commissioned medical officer of the regular union army , he held rank , captain .
serving the military in most of his life , he was no stranger to the horrors of bring warfare .
from his battlefield experience was extensive , the mexican-american war of unk_CD had served in various indian campaigns and now the states war .
dr. morgan was a short stout , an older man , sixty , full head of white hair , a long white beard flowing , and piercing blue eyes .
far from the front union line , the doctor searched for a suitable location to operate .
in a protected grove of birch trees , he found a large flat area of lush green grass .
ordinarily dr. preferred the protected confines of the houses and barns that private citizens had commandeered the onset of battle .
after the battle of unk_NN , the location started far removed from civilization in order to preserve the element of surprise , the wooded clearing would have to suffice .
the previous day , while unk_NNS unk_PRP prepared his battle plan , dr. morgan scoured the foothills of the mountain signal horseback .
as he rode up to the rolling terrain , the trees and vegetation became less dense , allowing him to catch glimpses of the city .
leveling off he rode into the white birch forest , weaving on the path of denser areas until he found unk_RB , he recognized the qualities to find .
he deduced that the small field would allow the bright light to operate by and the trees on the edge of unk_NNS provide a comfortable shade of wounded as they recovered .
it was n't perfect , but he felt he worked on worse conditions while fighting the west .
this was certainly more tolerable for as long as the weather held good .
after locating the medical encampment , dr. morgan quickly summoned the wagon to be used to the operating gurney and prepared his instruments .
removed from the canopy , he neatly arranged his supplies on the right side , the length of the wooden unk_NN .
with reach of arms , he placed his instruments first , the basin and the canteen of water next , then batting at the cotton and other last bandages .
at the head of the wagon , he arranged the necessary supplies for the assistant , such as unk_NN , bandages and morphine in the form of powder as well as opium , unk_NN .
in preparation for surgeries in place , he rejoined the front lines , offering his assistance where he could , leaving the assistant to watch their makeshift hospital in his absence .
the following day , dr. battle day june woke early in a restful night 's sleep , one of the many cannons aimed at the city .
he offered a tent of accommodation but declined the special privilege , electing it was rough with cannon instead of putting others out .
a selfless man he figured the boys fighting and dying , at least granted a small pleasure in the tent 's comfort .
after years of adapting to the rigors of warfare , he learned to sleep wherever he laid his head .
the new morning dawn created cool dew soaked into the unprotected parts of his body , mainly on his legs and boots , producing mild discomfort .
unk_NN had dried his clothing out completely and he focused on his day duties .
filling up the unk_NN with a hard , unk_JJ cracker and some water , he administered the various unk_NNS to the soldiers who reported the sick call while he ate .
dr. morgan was a compassionate and sympathetic man , older , but tough nonetheless .
his private philosophy was , " if you walk , you can fight . "
with his duties accomplished at the moment , unk_EX ordered dr. morgan to his station with a reverent nod .
no words were exchanged .
they were both seasoned with military men who understood each other implicitly .
with a respectful salute , the doctor turned and walked toward the soldiers readying themselves for their own stations .
he could now see unk_JJ anxiety on their faces as he made his way past , and he flashed them a courteous smile , trying to ease their worry .
- - - fire !
as his sword lifted the exalted position of his head , unk_PRP roared the order to commence firing .
with a loud and great authority , he repeated his simple command over and over as he rode up the line .
instantly , his men responded and the fuses lit their cannons .
violent demons came to life cannons as they reported with a thunderous roar , shaking the ground beneath them .
well-trained soldiers began their work .
three groups loaded one into powder and unk_NN , one loaded into a shell or a heavy ball and a third lit charge .
they are a machine working in perfect sequence and timing to efficiently deliver the enemy , their deadly payload .
the valley below became awake .
the loud fire of the cannon above signaled the sharpshooters below to unleash their own deadly volley of destruction .
out of reflex , they pulled their triggers and sent tiny , yet deadly lead pieces of their individual paths of doom as they quickly reloaded their weapons with practiced speed .
they had only a second to think .
the startled jolt of the town and the confederate soldiers tried both the place stood in their minds , quickly in the process of disbelief of their forthcoming death .
unable to move , they heard the air whistle as the projectiles hurled at them .
with those of their backs as the volley waited and listened to the whistle , quickly grew louder in the thunderous rush of air .
fate and misfortune collided , so shell and flesh did .
as the group of drilling confederate soldiers , the first volley hit its mark with deadly accuracy .
the unlucky one was private , watched in horror as shell found its mark on the chest of an unlucky companion marching in front of him .
shell tore his uniform , flesh and ribcage , instantly killing him even the mechanisms of internal shell sensed the pressure of the impact .
a great explosion fragmented the canister , thousands of tiny projectiles completely disintegrating the whole existence of soldiers .
there would be no burial for him , as there was not a remnant left of his body .
continuing their way , the fragments of the shell exploded now , their next victim found a soldier watching .
the hot pieces of metal tore through his body , it severed his extremities as well as the buried molten metal of his own chest .
the lucky few that escaped the initial impact ruptured the concussion of the shockwave of explosion in their eardrums , disorienting them and rendering them useless .
other shells exploded and stunned helpless soldiers , the same gory results that affected the devastating loss of the entire company .
on the waterfront , the confederate soldiers unloading supplies met the same fate as their drilling comrades .
the shells fell around them , exploding thousands of fragments and tearing their bodies , killing closest to impact while maiming and unk_VBG the others further away from the epicenter .
cries were heard of agony as they fell .
the union sharpshooters unleashed their union hail , the lead balls sailed through the air with an awful shrill , telegraphing their intentions .
collapsing to the ground , many screamed out in agony , clutching their bleeding wounds in a desperate attempt to relieve the pain as death quickly overcame them .
others lay in torment in unk_JJ shock , quickly enveloped in their bodies by the loss of blood .
all of the city , that first barrage of munitions , was the damage to the devastating inflicted .
not only in the confederate targeted encampment loading offices into the river , telegraph offices , stables , livery and the blacksmith shops also targeted .
anything used to be further than the confederates cause was targeted at the first volley of union fire .
the first discharge seconds of union rifles and cannons sounded another round quickly , followed by a third and fourth volley .
the next round of union sharpshooters lay more confederates , dead and wounded , but this volley came from the unk_NN of the unions exact positions .
with orders to aim low , the fire confederates returned to the lower banks of the river .
just as the confederates were defensive of the union soldiers now and scrambled for a moment , unk_VBG the smaller fighting force .
in command of the union , limits out of the city , the confederates loaded several cannons .
tucked away in a grove of tall oaks , the protection of the elements they easily missed their opposing force .
quickly , the unk_JJ teams loaded their cannons and took careful aim at the union battery .
in command to fire will , the confederates opened up the union forces that staged the mountain foothills of the signal .
for visibility drastically reduced to the fire that repeated the cannon , the union forces struggled to see targets .
at the time , the artillery brigade of the union saw heavy smoke in the confederate volley , it was too late .
instantly , thousands of fragments traveled to the impact point and found the first of their victims as two union soldiers stood between two cannons .
in the blink of an eye , their bodies were most absorbed into fragments , nearly obliterating any proof of their existence .
blood and bone splattered two cannons in the characteristically horrific pattern of death and destruction .
a second later , two more canisters roared first , these two split , impacting the bluff just below the union cannoning .
although the earth projectiles were embedded and exploded , their destructive intention was not denied .
the crash of the tree as it hit the ground , unnoticed went by the union forces , their destructive force turned to cloud confederate smoke far out of unk_NN .
with a wave of his sword , unk_PRP bellowed an order in the cannons silence at the far edge of the town .
quickly , the three teams unk_VBD their cannons with confederate confederate smoke , calculated at the trajectory of the trajectory , and lit their charges .
the repositioned cannons came to life as their unk_NNS spewed fire , smoke and metallic death , the recoil sending them reeling backward in their restraints .
violently jolted his lazy stare up to the river , a young boy sitting on the elevated boulder fishing until his breakfast nearly fell out of reflex water with loud explosions .
he quickly gathered his things and jumped over a rock against the rock , fleeing desperately to cover .
still on the river bank , he found two large boulders to hide behind , giving him safe cover in violent exchange .
any attempt to make the land would expose them to the combatants and draw fire on either side .
they grabbed their poles even harder and strained to push the tiny raft faster into the river .
hand in hand , they pushed the flimsy poles , nearly breaking them as they rushed to evade harms way .
painful blisters formed and broke quickly , leaving fresh blood down the length of the poles as they continued to push their lives .
standing on the left side of the raft without warning , a single stray bullet whistled through the air and impacted the back of the trappers first head .
the lead ball mushroomed and his skull shattered , propelling the brain bone and blood in front of his tattered clothes and into the river .
instantly he fell overboard and floated downstream .
reality snapped him back into focus , another bullet embedded in one of the logs of the raft , fracturing it and sending tiny splinters into the water .
he looked back at the pelts of beaver and muskrat he and his deceased now friend toiled over the previous two months .
he hesitated for a moment , then grabbed a handful of beaver pelts with his rifle and a tiny unk_NN of money , then quickly jumped out of the water .
struggling to stay afloat with the weight of the rifle , he kicked his boots wildly in the water .
as his head dipped to the surface , he was about to let go of the rifle when his feet touched bottom .
he pushed off the muddy river floor and popped his head in the water , took a gasp of air , and sunk into the water again .
finding the bottom of the river once more , he launched his unk_VBD body to the surface and gasped for another breath of air .
as he sank back into the water , his head was now a line of water .
he managed to move close enough to shore now to wade to land his handful of safe belongings .
spotting a large boulder at the rivers edge , he made his way through it , keeping his head mostly submerged in cover .
from the boulder , he threw his pelts and unk_NN to higher ground and positioned his rifle in defense .
with wet and useless powder , he still aimed his weapon , hoping he had not called on to the bluff .
shaking and scared the young boy huddled close to the rock , having just witnessed the drama of the trappers unfold further upriver .
at the tender age of seven , he had never seen a man killed before , and the sight of the old trapper 's violent death shook him to his core .
his world had changed in an instant , a graphic vision imprinted in his memory forever .
he wept openly as he watched the remains of the old man drift slowly downstream toward him .
corporal union unk_NN fletcher , part of the unk_JJ assigned artillery team , was standing at his post when the first of four confederate shells exploded .
instantly he dropped to the ground in agony .
as he cried out in pain , he clutched the dangling flesh , irrationally trying to reattach it to the bone .
in his delirium , his world seemed slow .
no one noticed him as he sprawled on the ground beneath the cannons .
as the bullets passed through his head , he heard their whistle , and for a moment forgot his injury as the sense of self-preservation overtook him .
he rolled onto his belly and began to crawl .
pulling his arms and pushing against his uninjured leg , he slowly worked his way through the cannon and soldier , dragging a trail of blood towards him .
as the unk_JJ shock began to develop a loss of blood , the pain of his gaping wound became less noticeable .
he moved faster and more determination .
suddenly the soldier lay in his path , face down .
instantly the soldiers skull exploded , covering the face of corporal fletcher , blood on bits of brain and bone .
he jerked away out of reflex and cried out in fear , only to feel the mind-numbing pain of his own injury .
as fear enveloped him further , he quickly crawled into the deceased soldier and continued his path .
up ahead , several yards away , he spotted a boulder for protection .
fear and anxiety coursed through his veins as he struggled to stay alive .
desperately deliberately , he stretched his hands out in front of him , clawing at anything he could use to further his escape .
as he crawled , elevation dropped off slightly , allowing him more protection than bullets passing above .
he heard the sound of bullets ricocheting off the boulder and deflecting the trees around him as he instinctively ducked the sound .
with his adrenaline pumping , he reached down his and dirt-stained shirt and ripped off the strip from its bottom edge .
a short distance away , the private pulling of a horse-drawn ambulance heard a painful shriek from corporal fletcher to thunder to war .
this was his first pass through as he searched for casualties .
hearing horrific screams , he snapped the reins from the horses team and quickly located the suffering of the corporal , who was barely conscious but still feeling his agony .
he leaped down onto unk_NN and ran to his side with a canteen of cool water .
kneeling , he placed a canteen on corporal lips and slowly poured a few swallows into his mouth .
corporal fletcher , his grave state , choked and coughed as the water entered his mouth , causing him to cry out in pain once more .
instinctively , he pushed a hand into the privates away and opened his eyes .
with a weakened voice , he said , they killed me .
the rebs killed me .
looking down at fletcher 's corporal blood that pooled on his leg , private quickly realized the gravity of the situation .
as he reached the fading lift of the corporal , he replied nonsense .
doc would have to leg off in no time .
you are good as new as just a few days .
he smiled as he spoke , hoping to lift corporal spirits .
even in the corporal deteriorated state , he knew the grisly torture that awaited him back once in the makeshift hospital .
he stiffened for a moment and looked down at his maimed appendage .
he envisioned a painful procedure , then a disfigured remnant that left a sad reminder of war reality .
disheartened , he slumped into the arms , private struggled to lift him out of the waiting ambulance .
sorry , the private responded sincerely , although there was little he could do to improve the wounded comfort .
moments later , with his own screams of agony , he heard the cries of another wounded soldier loaded with a wooden ambulance .
he glanced over to see a young boy of sixteen , thin , wavy yellow hair , roughly hauled on the gurney on the opposite side of the wagon .
with a ghastly wound in his stomach , he did n't have long to live .
lying there in his agony , he cried out for god to end his suffering .
corporal fletcher could almost feel the young boy 's despair as he waited irrationally in vain for higher power to answer his dying prayer .
with the realization that he was all alone , he retreated to the far recesses of his mind , his last haven of solace .
rolling his head from side to side , he murmured under his breath , " mama , mama ! "
the young privates eyes widened , as he spoke quietly in the receiving tone , " mama , mama .
i love you . "
as the corporals world went to the black , he slipped into unconsciousness , having brought some measure of relief to the poor dying boy with him .
it was all he could do and it was enough .
shortly after losing consciousness , the young boy died quietly behind him , passing a horrific end in peace .
- - - dr. unk_NN paced back and forth in the operating wagon , envisioning the dead , envisioning and wounded with each union cannons report .
minutes felt like hours as he reached into his pants pocket and pulled out his unk_NN pocket watch .
he pressed the tiny button of gold timepiece and popped the cover , exposing hands in time .
huh , only 10:30 , he said aloud , frustrated at how slow time felt like moments of anguish .
he snapped the cover closed and shoved the watch back into his pants pocket once more .
as his pacing returned , he gazed upon the grove of birch trees , trying to view the battle from his protected location .
barely visible through the columns of smoke and debris could be seen rising off the valley floor .
the sight made him wonder how the confederates were faring and if their own surgeon was also pacing nervously .
it started to sound clicking low , barely audible .
dr. unk_MD first thought it was the cannon reverberating off the mountains but the sound persisted ; he recognized the distinctive repetitive sound .
it hooves the team of horses as they trotted .
he strained his eyes in the direction of the sound , but still saw nothing .
he spun on his heels and ran toward the operating wagon .
ok men on , dr. called out in a deep authoritative voice .
fetch my smock , he ordered , sitting nearby , sitting on the ground , sunning himself .
yes , sir , the private responded quickly , hopping to his feet .
he pulled into a clearing and rolled onto the waiting operating wagon .
their clean white unk_NNS stood , dr. morgan assistant unk_NN , george surgeon , was standing in unk_NN .
unk_RB earlier was resting and unk_NN .
the horses came to a halt at the rear of the ambulance , just outside the operating wagon .
immediately , dr. ran wounded and began his assessment .
there were three soldiers lying on their feet above him .
he quickly saw corporal fletcher 's leg and a pool of blood collected by it .
as he climbed up the ambulance , private driving the wagon met him in the middle .
pointing to the young sixteen boy , he shook his head sadly and moved his gaze to the private laying on the bottom of the two gurneys wagon .
assessing , dr. situation quickly pronounced the young boy dead and turned his attention to the two men still living .
feeling corp. fletcher had an injury to unk_NN , he motioned to the two privates to carry him to the operating table .
immediately the two lifted the gurney into the ambulance and over the other wagon .
as dr. unk_MD cut away a portion of the corporals , unk_NN pant leg .
george unk_NN was prepared for unk_NN .
dr. unk_MD looked up while cutting and said , save it abruptly .
he was unconscious .
i have his leg well off before he ever wakes up .
unk_NN stowed the unk_NN and replied , do you think he will ever regain this consciousness ?
i do .
dr. replied , simply then added once i tie off those arteries , i think he is ok , that is if we control the infection .
unk_NN just nodded as he jumped down off the wagon and came back around .
he stood for a moment and awaited further orders .
looking at the gruesome sight of unk_NN .
unk_NN watched as dr. unk_IN placed the mechanical unk_NN just on the knee and the femoral artery .
wrapping the leg strap , he pulled hard to tighten the cloth band around the skin .
he then turned a large lever on unk_NN to take excess slack .
moments later , blood oozed from the wound , slowed by a slight trickle .
dr. morgan 's hands were already covered in blood as he reached for his scalpel .
his pant leg was gone , corporal fletcher 's right leg was fully exposed .
starting to the top leg surface , dr. unk_NN began as he explained the procedure to unk_VB .
unk_VB while he operated .
right , i know this is your first time , so i try to explain as much practicable .
first , we can determine the closest point to the incision wound .
we always try to leave as much of a unk_VBG limb as possible .
i say we can safely amputate an inch or so said dr. wound as he placed the scalpel on top of the leg .
looking up at his assistant , then up at corp. corp. to ensure he was unconscious , he was now ready .
right then .
at the top here , he said , pointing the scalpel , pointing at the scalpel .
we pierce unk_NNS upper skin , cutting that into unk_NN and just a muscle .
this was really quite simple with him , unconscious .
at the bottom , he reached the leg , coming up underneath on the opposite side and continued to make his incision up to the other side , ending his first point of incision .
unk_JJS incisions are so quick , unk_JJS .
unk_NN barely had time to comprehend .
ok , i need you to pull back on the first layer as i cut down the bone .
just be careful with your fingers though .
i 'm moving pretty fast here and we do n't want an accidental unk_NN of any of your digits , ok ?
dr. asked .
unk_NN nodded nervously his head and placed his unk_JJ fingers on the incision and began to pull back the skin , opening it wider to dr. morgan .
as he did this , he asked the question .
sir , why do n't we cut down right for the bone pass first ?
is n't it faster ?
looking up , his assistant , dr. morgan replied , good question , lad .
we can do this for one pass , but we lose precision as we slice the deep muscle .
the remaining stump usually ends up grossly disfigured , more so than acceptable , frequently leaving the appendage quite painful to use .
practice accepted double incision as we are now doing .
we produce a stump that would retain more muscle tissue covering the bone , making it less painful as well as the more useful appendage .
unk_NN nodded , then turned his attention to his fingers as he pulled an open incision .
dr. unk_MD reached for a longer bladed scalpel .
at the first pass , the doctor sliced deeply into the flesh , though slicing into a vein of muscle and tendons , hitting the bone and increasing the blood flow from the table .
as he instructed unk_RB .
unk_NN pulled back the freshly sliced muscle as the doctor worked quickly .
reaching the leg once more , the doctor continued his unk_JJ incision to the bottom and worked his way to the top .
with his hands saturated with blood , he reached for a long strip of cloth a few inches wide .
he worked on the bone , then pulled up each strip of strip , suspending lightly on the leg of the moment .
he then pulled the cloth up a leg , pulled higher muscles up to the bone .
ok , we pulled the muscles of the bone higher .
i cut the bone as close to the cloth as i can , without cutting it through the cloth , that is .
when we release the cloth , the muscle spring back to its original position , covering the bone in a couple of inches allowing greater cushioning than healing dr. .
he reached for his saw and placed his thumb on the guide bone .
resting saw his thumb , he pulled two times to himself , leaving a small pilot slot in the start of the cut .
he then began aggressively saw the bone .
within seconds he was nearly bone as he began to slow .
in the end , he only pulled saw himself insuring that the bone was not a splinter .
the last pull of the saw was leg completely lower detached from the upper leg .
at the end of the table was a top-heavy foot , one side rolled under its own weight , and the table fell into the grass below .
blood pooled at the end of the stump as the assistant released the cloth holding the muscle .
quickly reaching for the unk_VBN needle , the doctor began to tie off various blood vessels , starting the femoral artery .
right then .
see those strands of look like tiny pieces of twine .
they were various blood vessels that supplied lower leg with blood .
those all need to be tied off or he can bleed to death , the doctor said as he worked .
the bleeding stopped completely , he slowly released unk_NN and watched unk_NNS end the stump .
seeing none , he then began to sew up the exposed wound .
he quickly pulled the extra skin out of the muscle and began to stitch them .
when he had done unk_NN , he was allowed unk_RB .
unk_VB end bandage while he rinsed off his tools and threw a bloody foot into the basket , which was carried away later .
turning to his assistance , he said dryly , 's let 's hope there 's n't too many today of these .
unk_NN just nodded .
the whole bloody experience was almost too graphic for him as he tried to process the procedure in his mind .
right , let 's have a look at the other fellow , shall we ?
the doctor asked rhetorically .
faster than they could operate , the privates carried more wounded union soldiers than the operating wagon .
working quickly to overcome the numbers , dr. unk_MD set up another operating wagon with unk_NN .
working side by side , dr. monitored his assistants work .
two doctors working , the basket used to dispose of limbs since long disappeared into the carnage .
the stench of heavy iron hung in the air as blood spewed from the wounded .
faces blank and pallor , some stared out into nothingness as the reality of deadened shock .
the others winced and grimaced at each breath they took , and still cried the others out in agony , each time dying of a thousand deaths .
hearing the suffering of their countrymen only served to stiffen , both doctors resolve to save more men .
day and night , two surgeons frantically worked to save the injured and dying .
their exhaustion set in and hysteria and despair overwhelmed them they searched themselves for the strength to continue .
eventually , their own bodies and minds began to fail them .
they pushed themselves out of the limits of human endurance .
the battle was not yet complete ; they both knew tomorrow would bring further death and pain .
if they were going to service young men risking their lives in their country , they both need some much deserved rest .
the last flicker of light nearly spent oil lamps , blood soaked surgeons , made their way to the other side of the clearing in their two canvas tents .
with a quick change of clothing , they laid down on their cots and quickly fell asleep .
dr. david burst into david 's swinging wooden unk_NNS and headed for the scrub station .
" ok , what do we have ? "
he asked as he turned to the water and pulled on the soap dispenser , releasing a large dollop in his hands .
vigorously , he scrubbed his fingertips over his elbows as he listened to his supporting staff at him in the emergency .
" doctor , we have a gunshot victim to the entry and exit wound the seventh and eighth rib entry into the abdomen .
her belly was distended , filling up blood .
her vitals were low , sixty eighty-five .
her foley output is bright , red , and shes unk_JJ for blood loss .
her triage is unk_VBN and already infused with 2 plasma unk_NNS , " the surgical unk_NN surgical unk_NN replied as he too scrubbed in on emergency surgery .
" so she was prepped . "
dr. unk_NN asked .
" yes , doctor .
prepped and ready , " unk_NN replied , dr .
" films ? "
dr. unk_NN asked for abbreviated speech , the function of his occupation .
before he could receive an answer , the surgical nurse unk_NN burst unk_RB through the door .
pulling her mask over her face , she anxiously reported , " doctors , you better hurry .
her vitals were dropping fast .
fifty-five unk_NN is eighty eighty-five with a pulse ox . "
without hesitation , dr. unk_NN responded quickly , " gloves and gown now .
and set up the unk_NN tray , just in case unk_NN . "
both doctors washed the soap with their hands and arms quickly as the pressure and anxiety of the situation worsened .
can we get an ultrasound out of here ?
dr. unk_NN asked as he started to tie his gown .
yes , unk_NN .
dr. unk_NN replied urgently .
moving through the double doors , dr unk_NN heard the sounds of alarms reported medical equipment coldly , patient in the crisis .
he scanned the various devices as the patients levels continued to drop into the danger zone .
as he rushed to the patients side , dr. unk_NN 's eyes widen in disbelief as he realized the victim 's tiny age .
" my god , shes just a baby .
how old is she ? "
" eight years , " nurse unk_NNS replied , her voice sadly exposing what disguised her mask .
whats her name ?
dr. unk_NN asked .
chart , says lena williams , nurse unk_NNS replied .
shaking his head in disgust , he listened to the unk_JJ monitor as the beats sounded slower and become erratic .
immediately he reacted with instinct .
she needs the volume now .
another two hang in a rapid unk_NN , he said , his voice showing the strain on the youth of his patient heavy weighed in his mind .
unk_NN seventy fifty and dropping , ox ox is eighty-two , dr. unk_NN informed his mentor and colleague .
i just lost her pulse , nurse unk_NNS cried out on the unk_JJ monitor , sounded the unmistakable tone of a flat line .
push the unk_NN amp .
charge the paddles , dr. fifty unk_NN retorted back .
nurse unk_NNS quickly wheeled a defibrillator and programmed the setting to unk_VB while charging the external paddles of fifty unk_NNS .
she quickly handed them to dr. unk_NN , then injected unk_CD amp to the iv of the patients .
as dr. unk_NN prepared paddles , dr. unk_NN scanned the young patients in the belly of the ultrasound .
rotating , small metallic angles of various wand , images of the monitor showed confirming their suspicions of hidden trauma .
placed conductive unk_NN , dr. unk_NN , one of the paddles , upper right clavicle , and one just below applied and the left young patients nipple left .
clear dr. unk_NN called out .
dr. unk_NN broke off his examination , just as dr unk_NN depressed the buttons of paddles delivering charge of the heart as well as other organs nearby .
the patients body convulsed with current coursing through her .
her chest heaved and expanded , then fell and contracted back onto the table .
three medical personnel focused on the unk_JJ monitor for signs of activity .
they held their breath in vain , the monitor continued to report to the single monotone sound of the flat line .
still , unk_JJ dr. unk_NN cried out .
desperation was heard as he spoke .
fifty again , dr. unk_NN called out once more .
he replaced the paddles in previous locations and delivered a second charge .
again , a patient , tiny body convulsed .
sinus unk_NN , dr. unk_NN cried out in relief .
dr. unk_NN roughly placed the paddles on the back tray .
he asked as dr. unk_NN now resumed his examination with nervous sweat unk_VBG up his brow .
full of blood belly .
looks like some major hemorrhaging where a bullet hit the spleen , pancreas and kidney .
the eighth rib was broken too .
replied dr. unk_NN , now regaining his composure .
ok , blade , dr. eight requested unk_NN .
even years of experience , the thought of slicing the poor little girl that lay in front of him felt offensive .
dr. unk_NN strengthened his resolve and made his incision , cutting various layers of tissue as blood flowed freely through the opening .
immediately the unmistakable stench of blood and fecal matter wafted through their protective masks .
he finished the incision and called the clamp .
nurse unk_NNS placed the clamp in his hand .
dr unk_NN positioned the clamp , holding open the incision as he tried to examine the damage to the draining blood .
unk_NN , dr. unk_NN called out .
dr. unk_NN inserted the probe into the incision and began to suck out the excess blood .
be careful to watch the trauma .
work on unk_NN colon .
clean out as much of that fecal matter as possible , dr. unk_NN cautioned as dr. unk_NN worked .
got it , dr. unk_NN replied , carefully sucking up blood and debris from the abdominal cavity .
better view , dr. unk_NN could now see the damaged organs more clearly .
it was apparent , the pancreas 's spleen and colon , as well as the left kidney had some form of trauma .
i need unk_CD unk_NN and unk_CD needle now .
does anyone know the bullet is the caliber ?
dr unk_NN asked as nurse unk_NNS handed him a needle and unk_NN .
do n't look small , that is all i know , dr. unk_NN replied , still unk_VBG the colon .
looks like dr. .22 informed unk_NN .
a small entry wound , but heavy internal trauma of the shockwave as it passed through with high velocity .
asked nurse unk_NNS .
while dr. unk_NN worked to repair the damaged spleen of dr. unk_NN , the nurse edward question answered .
the bullet travels pushes it through the air along the way , creating a field of turbulent air like a bullet .
just awful awful , nurse unk_NNS replied sadly .
dr. unk_NN called out as he quickly worked .
unk_VB seventy-five , fifty eighty pulse eighty , unk_NNS replied , the nurse she was bleeding everywhere , dr. unk_NN complained .
he turned to dr. unk_NN and instructed him to repair the unk_NN colon .
looks like we have a small puncture in unk_NN colon .
you can repair it while i attend the spleen .
i am it .
eight blade , unk_NN , and unk_CD and unk_NN were standing by , dr. unk_NN rattled off in quick succession to nurse unk_NNS .
gotcha , dr. unk_NN replied , slightly embarrassed by his unk_NN .
as they both worked frantically to repair the damaged organs , the flow of blood went nearly unabated .
nurse unk_NNS kept a careful eye trained on the monitors as well as doctors , anticipating their needs in their requests .
the unk_NN doctors were dropping again forty-eight sixty-five .
ox , pulse very low , seventy-seven , nurse unk_NNS announced .
dammit , where is she bleeding ?
dr. unk_NN asked rhetorically .
we are working on areas now , replied dr. unk_NN , dr. unk_NN .
no , no loss for this much blood that has much of a larger source of unk_NN unk_NN or aorta , dr. unk_NN speculated .
we are nowhere in those areas .
the bullet exited out her back to the kidneys , dr. unk_NN replied .
i know , but this much blood loss does n't adding up .
the bullet missed unk_JJ and unk_JJ veins and arteries .
this is n't just organs , dr. unk_NN replied .
two doctors feverishly worked to repair the damaged and bleeding organs as the patients vitals continued to fall .
repaired by the spleen and unk_NN colon , two moved the pancreas and left the kidney .
more unk_NN than unk_NN , dr. unk_NN instructed dr. unk_NN .
he then glanced up and asked nurse unk_NNS , how is our supply ?
she is taking blood faster than we can give it , she retorted back instantly .
hang another two units , dr. unk_NN requested anxiously .
dr. unk_NN , can you see this ?
dr. unk_NN asked .
you agree the bullet entered the abdomen , broke a rib and continued the spleen , pancreas and kidney .
it appears that way , why ?
dr. unk_NN asked as he worked in the kidney .
dammit , you know what that is ?
that was another wound entry , dr. unk_NN replied .
eight blade and unk_JJ saw the unk_NN .
he said to nurse unk_NNS .
two bullets .
but only one entry is a wound , dr. unk_NN replied with disbelief .
i know .
two bullets entered from the same location , dr. unk_NN responded as he accepted the scalpel from nurse unk_NNS and began to make a long incision on the patients breastbone .
i knew something was n't right .
the .22 caliber wo n't break a rib , then have enough energy remaining to tear all these organs .
had more than one bullet , and i was betting its also cause a massive loss of blood , he explained as he finished his incision .
what are the odds of happening ?
i mean two bullets , the same entry wound .
dr. unk_NN asked rhetorically , shaking his head now in further disbelief .
unk_JJ saw dr. unk_NN next asked , then added , i never guessed it if i had n't seen it with my own eyes .
quickly , unk_NNS handed dr. nurse saw .
placing it on the base of the sternum , he began to cut through the breastbone , the smell of bone and blood penetrating their masks and their nostrils .
moments later , he was done .
rib unk_NN , dr. unk_NN requested .
anticipating his request , nurse unk_NNS handed him the instrument immediately .
inserting it directly into the incision , he turned the lever and separated enough of the ribs to view the cavity of the upper chest .
dr. probe unk_NN requested nurse unk_NNS .
he then called to dr. unk_NN to begin unk_VBG open areas .
as he did , dr. unk_NN examined the cleaned areas .
more unk_NN .
i need more unk_NN , dr. unk_NN asked with frustration .
oh man , we have the trauma of an inferior unk_NN unk_NN .
i need unk_CD and unk_NN unk_NN .
working feverishly to repair the bleeding profuse , the needle contacted something hard .
at first , he thought it was a rib fragment , but closer to dr. unk_NN , inspection realized that it was the second bullet .
there it is .
forceps , dr. unk_NN requested in an almost frantic tone .
he inserted the forceps into the cavity , gently pushing unk_NN from unk_NN unk_NN and gently extracted the deformed and mangled bullet .
around the edges were tiny razor blades .
they sliced the veins of contact , he announced .
there would be a dozen fissures to repair .
as he unceremoniously tossed the clamped bullet and forceps into the stainless steel container , he continued to unk_VB tears to the damaged vein and surrounding organs .
moments later , dr. unk_NN watched as the heart began to slow .
just then , the unk_JJ monitor sounded .
he quickly placed his gloved fingers over the heart and began to squeeze , attempting to squeeze the manual heart unk_NNS even before nurse unk_NNS .
pea , she doctor , nurse unk_NNS announced .
push another unk_NN amp and charge the internal paddles about fifteen dr. unk_NN demanded .
handing him the paddles , they would watch as he inserted them into her chest cavity and placed them heart still .
there were none to be heard .
charge twenty .
another 6 unk_NNS now .
dr. unk_NN called frantically again .
he was shocked by the heart , sending the current deep within , but with no effect .
the unk_JJ monitor continued to report its menacing line of flat tone .
dammit , unk_JJ , god !
dr. unk_NN shouted out loud .
as he continued unk_NNS manual , he called out once more at thirty charge .
inserting the internal paddles again , he delivered a massive jolt to a patient heart .
in horror and sadness , they watched the monitor register no change .
dr. unk_NN frantically searched his mind for a solution as he continued unk_NNS manual .
even in his years of education and training , the damage was too extensive for him to overcome .
he pulled his hands to her chest and stood back .
with his gloved hands dripping fresh blood from the floor , he hung his head low .
call it , he mumbled quietly .
nurse unk_NNS called death time he stood motionless as he watched the lifeless body of the young girl .
his mind raced as he stared at the carnage in front of him .
he thought about the smiles she had displayed in just a few hours before .
he thought about the hugs her mom had given her that morning , and the pain of parents was feeling forever .
he thought of her violent death and the injustice of it all .
deeply saddened and sickened by the grievous sight , he would stand no more .
he turned and walked out the or the doors were all oblivious to a state of shock and disbelief .
with his gown soaked with blood and his gloves , dripping with a red path behind him , he made his way down the corridor to the elevator .
in a blurred and confused state , he was unable to hear his name called as he walked .
standing in front of the elevator , he pushed the button .
instantly the doors sprung open .
he looked back down the hallway to nurse unk_NNS calling his name , but heard nothing .
as if in slow motion he stepped in and slowly the doors closed behind him .
dr. unk_NN .
dr. unk_NN , stop .
nurse unk_NNS called as she ran down the corridor toward the elevator .
too late .
she watched as the doors closed behind him .
as she stared at the bloody footprints that seemed to vanish through the elevator doors , she caught the slight movement of her peripheral vision .
looking up , she watched with sadness as a droplet of blood pooled , then slide down the elevator button .
reaching into her pocket , she pulled out a tissue and reverently wiped off the sad young victim remains unk_VBG her memory , forever despite the pain of senseless tragedy .
out of dr. daze , david unk_NN stood in the middle elevator and stared at the old photo hanging on the back wall .
the metal doors closed around him , he felt a small shudder , then a slight drop as he became momentarily weightless as the elevator began to descend .
ignoring the fact that he had not pressed the floor to descend to , he felt any place but or a good place .
he just wanted to forget .
the elevator slowly descended .
as struggled to free his tragedy as tragedy , his eyes began to focus on the picture in front of him .
slowly at first , then more detailed as he descended , the photo came into focus .
he was no longer staring at the photo , but it was directly .
somehow it helped to soothe the pain that gnawed away from his soul .
the photo was an antique reflection past , a unique display of history that showed how unk_JJR hospital came to pass .
the photo was a group of doctors in civil war , standing patient with the recent unk_NN .
standing on the patient , dressed in uniform with their bloody unk_NNS still fastened to them , several military doctors stood proudly in the photo .
hardened and determined , their faces were devoid of expression all , one pride .
on the left side of the photo sat an old man on a rickety stool .
with his white flowing beard and hair , he looked much older than his more unk_JJ colleagues .
he too wore a bloody smock , and his face also carried an expression of pride .
yet something else shone in the wisdom of the old mans eyes .
while the others looked at the camera , he looked at it as if thought deep and oblivious to its presence .
he appeared somewhat accidental with the purpose of the photos .
at the bottom of the photo read an inscription on the original hospital site of unk_CD unk_NN .
the doctors gazed at the photo .
he looked at the bulbous bandage and barbaric the poor soldiers 's leg .
a feeling of contempt swept through his body .
then , with a fit of rage , he punched the picture against the wall , the glass shattering and dropping to the floor of the elevator , cracking a cheap plastic frame .
the sound of shattering plastic and cracking plastic snapped him back to reality .
he bent over and picked up an old photo , leaving broken glass shards still on the elevator floor .
he began to replace the picture with a bent hook when he felt his knees begin to buckle slightly until the elevator began to slow to a stop .
a moment later the sound of a bell heard the elevator settled on its floor .
suddenly he saw his gloved hands sticky with drying blood , holding the framed picture held out in front of him .
he looked down at his gown and realized he was covered in blood , the fact that his moments of attention had escaped before .
the mechanized sound of heavy metal doors signaled their opening ; he felt the brush of a balmy light breeze against his neck .
the air suddenly felt dense as if relative humidity increased dramatically .
a strange yet familiar odor drifted over him and penetrated his nostrils .
turning around to investigate , he stiffened and froze in place .
his eyes took at the sight of him , his mind struggled to make sense of the scene through the elevator doors .
his heart began to pump wildly and his whole body shook .
he felt he was dreaming , but never before had a dream felt so real .
hey you !
come here .
i need you to hold his leg , heard just the elevator door .
unk_VBD squinted at first , then rubbed his eyes and refocused the vision on him .
there , several yards away , he watched as the man dressed in a blue military uniform stood with another man laying on a wooden gurney .
standing , the man looked familiar to him and he searched his mind to make the connection .
hey , come here .
i need your help now .
im almost finished , the voice called again through the elevator door .
unk_MD looked around at the elevator , then the control panel was over .
at the bottom of the panel labeled a circular button highlighted g .
he thought it strange , he ended up on the ground floor as he not pushed any of the panel buttons .
he turned back to the scene unfolding in front of him .
the light of the breeze was still balmy on his face and a strange odor , now foul and offensive , still penetrated his nostrils .
suddenly it dawned on him .
the man before him was the same man was standing in the picture .
the picture in his hands looked then the back of the elevator man .
he was indeed a doctor , a unk_JJ man with a white flowing beard and hair .
this is one strange dream , said out loud .
he felt confused by the vision .
whoa , im seeing the color of this dream .
how is this possible ?
he asked no one in particular .
are you just going to stand there , or are you going to help me ?
the old doctor called out to david in frustration .
unk_MD thought about answering him , but it thought silly .
its just a dream , he thought to himself .
then , reconsidering , he rationalized himself to what harm .
called the old man , what do you want me to do ?
tear that cloth into strips , the old doctor responded immediately , pointing to a mound of cloth on the grass at the foot of the wagon .
unk_VBD hesitated at first .
something in his gut was telling him not to go .
he felt paralyzed with indecision , but then , throwing caution to the wind , he stepped forward .
as he passed through the elevator doorway and stepped out onto the grass , the time seemed to slow for a moment .
he heard voices and sounds as if they played him with half speed .
unk_MD turned and took a step toward the grass .
time seemed to resume its normal speed .
he suddenly heard the deafening sounds of thunder and recognized the foul stench of rotting flesh .
what the hell ?
out loud , said a wave of fear and confusion spread through his body .
son , i really need your help here , heard as the old voice shouted over him .
unk_MD turned and looked at the old doctor , then back to the spot on the grass used by the elevator .
suddenly , a loud clap of thunder sounded just like birch trees , shaking the ground at his feet .
thunder he heard screams of agony and realized hearing the sounds hed been not , after all , but in fact , artillery explosions .
instinctively , the old doctor ran frantically searching for cover as he closed the distance .
the old doctor , seeing the intense fear in davids eyes , quickly recognized the developing problem .
he pulled away from his patient and moved quickly to intercept flight .
whoa , son .
youre no danger , old doctor called david as he ran to him and grabbed his arms , reassuring him for his safety .
those bombs .
theyre trying to kill us , unk_MD replied , almost hysterical .
the doctor casually looked at david through the raging war , then back at his eyes and replied , " well , i suppose they are , but we unk_VBP out of range of their artillery . "
a confused expression crossed his face as he spoke .
" that is quite an unusual uniform you have on .
what outfit are you ? "
" outfit ? "
unk_MD replied , still in a deep state of shock .
" outfit , lad .
what outfit are you ?
who is your commanding officer ? "
doc questioned a bit of suspicion , then added , " do n't tell me you unk_VBP gray . "
about to speak when another shell hit the bank of just birch trees , startling both he and the old doctor .
with a quick look on david 's shoulder , then patient with his back to the wooden wagon , the doctor refocused his duty .
" this way , lad .
we have work to do , " the old doctor said as he extended his hand in a patient direction , an invitation for david to follow him .
quickly they walked back to the wagon , the doctor leading the way .
lord knows he 's suffering enough when he wakes without us fidgeting with his bandage , so quick as your work . "
unk_MD pulled off his rubber gloves and tucked them into his pocket .
as he looked around , he could hear the cries of agony , the sounds of war , the smell of death , smell death , and suddenly he realized this was no dream .
is this real ?
he was now existing in another era at a time , a civil war with unk_NNS .
as he tore off each strip of cloth , he handed it to the old doctor that used it to secure unk_NN bandages in place .
as he worked , the old doctor began to interrogate his new assistant .
" i can see the surgery in you already .
i do n't recall another medical unit here .
where did you come from ? "
the old doctor asked casually as he worked .
his mind searched for answer , suitable for the old man .
he knew he did n't say he was in the future .
quickly he devised a story for cover until he could make sense of his dilemma .
" i have medical training and thought i could use , replied hoping his answer would suffice .
uh , huh , and where did you come from ?
allow me to be more direct .
are you gray or blue ?
the old doctor asked without breaking his concentration .
neither am i , doctor .
i am just a medically trained individual who wants to lend a hand to these poor boys , unk_MD replied .
young man , you are a deserter .
the old doctor asked bluntly .
no , sir .
i have not responded to david 's military .
he knew the questions would keep coming , and he needed to find the better reason for his presence .
he then had an idea .
the doctor , the truth , i need a job .
id like to join the military to order in order to practice medicine .
i was a very skilled practitioner and feel i could use real here , finished , hoping he had n't overplayed his abilities .
hmm , a skilled practitioner , you say ?
where are you trained ?
are you a doctor ?
said the old doctor , continuing his interrogation .
yes , i am a doctor .
i trained in new england at harvard university .
have you heard it ?
unk_VBD asked , unsure if his alma league alma mater did n't raise even more suspicion .
harvard , you say ?
we are unk_VBN here for sure .
my assistants mean well , but the boys are bumbling in the country if you understand my inference , the old doctor said as he winked at david .
completely , the doctor replied back with an understanding smile .
well , doctor , you have a name .
the old doctor asked , now warming to david a bit .
yes , sir .
my name is dr. david unk_NN .
i ask what is your name ?
responded kind .
my name is unk_RB morgan , dr. replied , his modesty eliminating fancy titles from his name .
he tied the last bandage and lifted his head .
eyes piercing , he stared directly at davids .
slowly , he extended his hand in greeting .
im pleased to make your acquaintance , david .
now id if you indulge me in a while like to see your abilities .
i have a young man waiting for unk_NN id like you to attend to .
if you prove your skill , i will consult the employment unk_NN unk_NN .
is this accord satisfactory ?
dr. asked with blunt sincerity .
where is patient ?
unk_VBD replied , trying to contain his confidence .
dr. unk_MD signaled for private to bring up the next patient .
unk_MD viewed his crude operating environment in shock .
he had n't thought about it at that moment , but he was trained to operate in a highly technical environment .
this is as primitive as he can imagine .
he was n't sure he could do it .
dr. unk_MD sensed davids apprehension and said , son , you are sure you are up to this .
it is a bit more primitive than i used to , but i can manage , unk_MD replied .
son , i do n't want you to manage .
i want you to perform a trained operator .
these young men deserve more butcher or charlatan .
if you are either , please speak the truth , dr. stated boldly and conviction .
doctor , i assure you , my skills , more than an adequate surgeon .
as the assistants laid the next patient in the wooden wagon , the young soldier 's agony could see and immediately began his assessment .
basic equipment to understand signs of vital patients can only make limited observations .
he quickly took a pulse of patients and it was determined to be weaker than normal .
next , he checked the pupil , pupil and reaction to the match .
satisfied , he then examined the patient mouth , tongue and skin of dehydration and color .
he observed , his skin color pale and felt clammy .
in addition , the young man seemed somewhat withdrawn and lethargic .
trying not to move traumatized leg too much , he moved it only slightly , cutting away pant leg .
he observed that a large caliber bullet had indeed passed the calf , but the gaping wound left upon exiting .
determined , careful cleaning and repair saved the leg , although the antibiotics were problematic for the post treatment .
immediately the young man 's undamaged leg bent over a knee , leaving a traumatized leg laying flat .
he then moved to the front of the wagon , grabbed the blanket , and draped it to be patient .
" what is dr. unk_NN in your assessment ? "
questioned dr. concern .
" patient suffering , mild unk_JJ shock .
i was making some effort to stabilize him the invasive surgery .
a large bore bullet has indeed left a great deal of calf trauma , but i believe i can save the leg . "
his school courses recalled the unk_NN of choice unk_NN of this period .
he continued , " we have unk_NN ready . "
unk_MD asked .
" doctor , i protest .
his leg was damaged too badly .
we 'll remove it before unk_PRP develops , " dr. morgan said .
" i examined the wound and feel it was relatively clean , thanks to his pant leg protecting the trauma .
without proper cleaning , i repair the muscle , veins and arteries but need a strong cleansing solution and freshly boiled water .
i believe he would have some degree of infection , but a chance of unk_NN would be much lower , replied you , " replied .
" repair the veins and arteries .
is this possible ? "
dr. asked incredulously , then added with great concern , " and what if spreads , infection and unk_NN develops ? "
" we 'll amputate , but then he 's no worse off than if we unk_VBP amputated now .
at least we can give him a chance to save the leg , " unk_MD reasoned .
" hmm .
do you really think you can do this ?
save his leg . "
dr. asked , now intrigued by david 's plan .
" i can only assure you that he wo n't die in my care , though saving his leg in these conditions is n't going to be easy , " lucas responded .
dr. unk_MD unk_VBN his long white beard as he contemplated the procedure .
he looked over at the patient , then back david was deep in worry as he struggled to trust this mysterious doctor that appeared just minutes before .
the old man 's forehead could see furrow as he thought .
a moment later , david saw a worried expression leave the old man 's face .
he now began to smile a bit as he came to grips with his decision .
" ok , son .
tell me exactly what you need , " dr. replied finally .
" two pots of boiling water distilled or grain alcohol distilled the soap and clean unk_NNS . "
" it 's going to take some time to collect these things .
every operation of this . "
dr. asked .
" keeping the water boiling is the only time consuming consideration responded . "
the fire was already smoldering in the early morning usage , so dr. tossed more wood into the coals .
twenty minutes later , two water pots boiled wildly as dr. sorted limited the instruments required to perform surgery .
resigned to his selection , placed the instruments in the boiling water of unk_NN .
satisfied with his cleansing , he slowly washed the soap .
dr. unk_VBN looked unk_VBN at the display by this strange doctor .
the medicine man for thirty-five more years , he regarded the prep work with the shenanigans reserved for roadside unk_NNS as a means to disguise their lack of content .
unk_MD looked over and could see the contempt in dr. unk_NNS eyes .
he knew the old doctor was losing his patience , and with that was lost , he too was losing what little credibility he had .
quickly set up a young soldier .
with the help of an old doctor , the patient would be unk_VBN in a matter of minutes .
the patient looked out at dr. closely .
unk_MD put on his unk_JJ gloves and then applied a generous amount of moonshine he obtained from the old doctor in the wound area in an effort to sterilize it .
ok , doctor as you can see , the patients leg is torn up pretty badly .
im going to make an incision back in the calf to inspect and then repair any damage i can find started .
as if on cue , dr. moved a closer look .
david then brought out a pair of unk_NNS , used to hold open the incision .
he delicately placed the instrument into the incision and expanded it , giving him a good view of the wound .
next , he rinsed out the incision in the salted water solution he had prepared for surgery .
dabbing at excess blood , he was able to see the damaged muscle tissue and the torn vein .
using his scalpel , he cut away the torn and mangled tissue of muscle .
again he rinsed out the interior of the moonshine wound and his makeshift solution to unk_CD .
the smallest needle in the doctors old bag of instruments began to sew reconstructed muscles as well as arteries , using very few sutures to accomplish his task .
now the sutures would remain there forever , but the body would adapt to them .
i believe this will take care of this side of the wound , replied softly , completely engrossed in his work .
he closed the entry wound and move more extensive damage on the other side of the calf .
dr. looked in total fascination .
never before had he seen or even heard the surgery so delicate and so complicated performed such ease and skill .
eagerly , he waited for david to attempt a more difficult area of operation .
after watching the first phase of the operation , indeed himself had proven a quite gifted surgeon .
dr. unk_MD now watched any spectator , a professional watch in his element .
he was in awe and excited to observe even greater feats of medicine .
once again , david did his best rinse and clean the wound with a salted water solution , and then sterilize it for distilled alcohol .
pulling the scalpel into the hot water , he began to work on the damaged muscle tissue of the exit wound .
damage was much more extensive , but manageable .
as he removed the tissue , he could temporarily close the wound to ensure the proper shape of reconstruction .
working quickly , he then began to unk_VB arteries and muscle as he had done the previous side , using very few stitches to accomplish the task .
he then closed the wound as he was done on the other side .
when completed , he rinsed again and sterilized the entire area of alcohol .
over the operation , he began to bandage the wound .
a few minutes later , as gaining a patient of consciousness , the last bandage was tied .
the operation was over now and felt confident that he had done his best to unk_VB the infection .
by the time the days were evident the results of his work .
all he could do now was to wait .
reading continued , please purchase smashwords.com : http : unk_CD russell russell assassin smashwords edition .
copyright 2011 by russell russell .
all rights reserved .
information books in contact with russellblake.com .
how often did you hear that review say ?
thats what im saying .
other reviews describing it in near perfection and incredibly written well are n't lying .
russell russell is on par with the biggest business names .
and i mean , unk_UH unk_UH , unk_UH , unk_RB brown .
the plot was intricate and completely unexpected at every turn .
al ross is hateful , extremely well-written well-written , with the believable complexity and nuance , the global conspiracy conspiracy hes ill-equipped to survive plunged .
dont want to spoil the end , but its unk_NN .
overall , best read ever . "
" unk_LS build the artistry of this work , strokes brush brush , brings you to wonder if something about this is true .
thats a true artist work .
many works of fiction have the main character so scrubbed up that he no longer resembles a human male .
no problems with this one .
this is almost how writers budding writers .
how to write one word or one edited sentence out ?
the tight narrative of the great story was a scary scenario .
i almost never give five stars , but this has earned it . "
k. unk_JJ russell " blake is fast becoming my favorite new author .
i did n't want to spoil the ending , but it completely blew me away , and how the suspense sustained the last few pages of surprise , great .
the highest recommendation of a highly original and entertaining novel . "
i was pleasantly surprised to find myself going along with an easy style and broad strokes of narrative .
the plot was very skillfully contrived , but the affinity for the real art i found , i found myself unable to resist unk_NN 's main al character .
i also love burros after following a steady transition to als as he encounters the hurdle with the hurdle .
i laughed aloud at some scenes ( i do n't spoil it ) when al is , lets say lets say .
i loved ending , but also wished the story had n't ended so that im reason taking trouble to recommend it . "
" zero sum trilogy print , " write " blakes latest absolutely amazing .
i literally could not put down my kindle until i finished all three books in the trilogy .
russell russell has a very unique talent at painting a beautiful story of words , and the sum sum zero reads practically poetry .
5 stars are n't enough to rate this wonderful trilogy , the stars are 10 more accurate . "
" amber unk_NN russell , blakes zero sum trilogy is truly amazing .
i initially downloaded the book 1 because it was free , and before i was done , i purchased the book 2 & 3 the bundle .
unk_NNS unk_NN is a character , you grow to despise .
on the street was a wall unk_NN associated with an organized crime and government agencies using the stock market to make huge amounts of money to the detriment of others .
when he had discovered , to be the life owner on the website forever changed as he was now the target to be destroyed .
this trilogy will take you on with an extremely fast paced and unexpected roller coaster fight for a good and evil fight .
the sum of zero is a unk_JJ complex thriller you are not able to put down .
i highly recommend this book , writing it its best .
i look forward to reading more than russell blake . "
i was recuperating from the medical procedure so i could read all three weekend books .
i even kept one map of the locations open to the computer and that made all the story more vivid .
the hero was smart , made good use of his resources , yet still kept the unk_NN bit that had some almost disastrous results .
there was a bit of irony in the end , but it worked .
i ca n't tell you how much i enjoyed this , presumably , the debut of blake was offering russell .
its awesome read .
i could n't put it down and stayed all night to finish it , no exaggeration .
six stars if they had a high review . "
katherina , j .
" this is the book that took me completely by surprise .
i thought id give it reviews shot and amazon star 5 reviews , and it quickly became a page turner i could n't put down .
the plot is complex , sort of a unk_NN or unk_NN and gripping the characters .
its a real novel .
cant wait to see what blake is next ? "
exchange for m. anthony , " fatal , was gritty , " edge to your seat , " thriller the first time author blake blake .
the author combines cleverly , well paced styled crime thriller , " no barred holds , " plausible international conspiracy .
" k. class this book is steven itself .
the main plot of the book is exciting and scary ( and maybe a little graphic ) .
pacing was fast pacing , descriptions , and unexpected twists . "
stacy k. " king " swords , " russell russell is no stranger to the thriller genre .
his previous thrillers turned into inside-out headlines , unk_JJ gritty with unk_JJ plots .
i know this overly dramatic sounds but unk_JJ , this book kept me glued to the kindle screen .
the king has taken the swords of the reader , the journey to mexico , unk_VBN drug , where violence often trumps hard cash in the dominant cultural currency .
unk_RB , steven is a bestselling author in jakarta , and pandemic black king flagged " swords , great read anyone who enjoys those thrillers with unk_NN and unk_NN .
the first unk_NNS and best of the book of the day of the jackal are one of my favorites .
ive read it at least five times over the last thirty years , and it always gets my pulse quickening .
the king effect of the same swords and reads much faster than the surprises you keep guessing on the right end .
you want to just turn the pages as fast as you push your kindle forward button ?
i have a king , feeling swords , one of the books i will come back again and again .
its that good .
i like authors other books , having to read most or all of them , and their good all , but this one is a different league .
this is no excuses heavyweight , you put up any of the big names , and theyd be in trouble .
russell russell is an example of an indie author surpassing many of the best in name writers and unk_NNS put him right in the same ranks as them . "
" ive read a few of blakes novels and found them diverse in voice and message unk_WRB .
my favorite is a breach , geronimo , but the latest this has the kind of will of its own .
the reader ca n't help but respect the bad mc guy .
if i read unk_JJ right then i who realized the real bad guys , im not spoiling the plot , so youll have to decide for yourself on that score .
visit the russells website for more details about the lives of author russell blake for full time on the pacific coast of mexico .
russell enjoys writing , fishing , playing his dogs collecting and sampling the tequila , and the ongoing battle for world domination is waging the clowns .
but even as i put the king with swords on the bed , i did n't shake the sense of unfinished business .
id go to sleep and have vivid dreams , and they are always the same as the characters in my book .
specifically , they were past assassins .
it was a disease .
i ca n't stop thinking about him .
thats unfamiliar to me for the most part .
i felt closure on the end of that work .
id told als story as well as i could , and there was n't more i felt i might add .
there were no more words that needed writing .
but i am no sooner finished swords king than i started making notes for the prequel .
which is really the wrong way to go about it .
im a simple man .
when the story was starting , i was always once part of the time , beginning , and end , well end .
but thats not how it panned out to me this time .
i felt the assassin driven write some more , and to delve into his background .
what created a man who would dispassionately terminate the lives of the living peoples .
what drove him to do the unthinkable ?
he was a monster in a traditional sense .
he would kick the dogs or swerve that hit them on the road .
he had put his socks before or into his underwear .
it was fascinating to me because el rey was alive in my head .
you see , i knew the questions questions i was asking , once in my life .
and so came the pass that i have the opportunity to share you with what i have gleaned from him .
the night of the assassin would work somewhat shorter , written flesh out , making the beast , and the best read of a companion companion piece of swords .
it certainly read first , but i suspect it would be more satisfying , and more resonate if the king 's reader first unk_VBZ the second night , then unk_NNS .
thats how i envisioned it , but youre free to do as you like .
even if read stand-alone or first , the night would entertain and satisfy .
id just recommend it to the king .
the other nights purpose for the thrill is to explain illumination to one of my most fascinating characters yet to explain .
reys el reys , or past at least it highlights , was alive .
enjoy this humble , offering my compliments .
the battle-hardened men who chartered those yacht safety were dead , serious , unk_VBG in constant state of readiness for threats of any approach .
the skirmishes of the drug cartel had escalated over the past two years , some guards were the blistering firefights of rival groups and had seen more than their share of blood .
these were men of whom killing routine , and they drew their pay understanding that any day was their last .
the radio crackled as the group members checked in on one another , each confirming calm all .
there was a routine , everyones status would monitor the fifteen minute intervals in the night .
the girls are the regular company , the boat owner of unk_NN unk_NNS , number one unk_NN warlord , and the head of the unk_NN cartel .
the contessa was more than a weekend getaway destination , a quick hop at home , whereas others were good for several weeks aboard .
unk_NN burned roughly twelve million dollars a year keeping his boats in the water before even starting the engines .
they were ready for him at any hour , staffed by full-time crews consisting of captains , deckhands , mechanics , maids , bartenders and unk_NNS and unk_NNS .
security travelled with him as an extra cost .
then again , unk_NN was n't unk_JJ and had n't told anyone precisely what he spent with his lifestyle .
they blew through the smoke and chatted about clothes and their favorite television programs , taking a break from the fiesta winding down inside .
the unk_NNS are high in unk_NNS and gulf cartel , as well as the sinaloa cartel , and outbreaks of violence escalated to a death toll , hundreds reached each month .
most of the disagreements resolved into bloody skirmishes , this one had to do power and money .
the sinaloa cartel felt unk_NNP was making too much of its relatively insignificant place on a food chain and trying to unk_VB unk_NNS in order to increase its net .
all of which are just unk_JJ business of unk_NNS , one of the oldest of the living cartel bosses .
he enjoyed his privacy immensely even though his line of work was rarer than it a gold commodity .
at the head of the cartel , he was constantly surrounded by security personnel , so the ability to part with the appeal of his boats to enjoy at least an illusion of seclusion .
veronica was the youngest , her feet leapt lighter and rushed to attend their host .
oh , unk_UH .
she exclaimed , a giggle of faux indignation and unk_NN dripping with every syllable .
eh , so how are you doing girls ?
are you ready to make a party for your unk_NN ?
come on .
you know how i like it , rasped his distinctive unk_NN accent .
the girls extinguished their cigarettes and exchanged glances .
show it time .
veronica moved to her two new friends and they began kissing , then caressing each other .
by watching impassively , the action moved from tepid , hot and clothes began shedding along with any remaining inhibitions .
unk_NN opened a small , unk_JJ gold box and quickly tapped out two small piles of white powder on the exterior glass bar him .
he snorted the heaping lines of cocaine , unk_NN laced with gusto as he leered at the mnage unk_NN .
it was a good life , he was a lucky man .
this was a fantastic birthday so far and whoever said the life began fifty , n't lying .
yes , indeed , great birthday .
he studied the face of his platinum rolex masterpiece and noted a little time after midnight .
another day was older and closer to death .
ah , well .
what one would do to ?
hed try to enjoy himself nonetheless .
youre shameless .
move inside and let the games begin .
and save some love for unk_NN .
the security team studiously avoided looking up at the transom of the huge ship , preferring to scan the periphery for signs of intruders .
unk_NNS love high life , well known and now everything men had seen .
it was all fun until he did n't perform or turned nasty things on too many drugs , and the girls ended up begging for forgiveness .
theyd had to bury their fair share of young strippers that failed to judge his moods correctly .
he was infamous for being mercurial .
pelican rustled its feathers to the waters edge before taking flight , swooping low over the water as it searched out more tranquil surroundings .
the two of the sentries swung around at the sound , ready to engage whatever enemy presented itself .
they exhaled in relief when they saw huge bird lumber in the night air .
everyones nerves were raw prior to weeks duty , moving to the danger zone in danger zone while unk_NNS partied care .
they were friendly territory , but that counted a little when he was exposed to this .
the men were working in shifts as the eight guards each shift four hours on , eight off so they could steal some rest and stay alert .
after four hours patrolling the unk_NN , unk_NN fell off markedly and the human error became more likely .
the game is one of the cartel where you only got to make one mistake about your last .
that was a gig .
the sound of a boat party headache on them , although no one would dare mention it to unk_NN .
but he was painted as well , super big unk_NN yachts to bow to any hostiles in the area .
head of security , alberto clenched his jaw as the women laughed with each squeal of ecstasy as an invitation to unk_VB in his mind .
an old pervert to restrict around banging his unk_NN teenagers on the goddamned boat out not in the open open .
why did he need to make such a public display of it ?
it was recklessly endangering them all .
the cat scurried like a large rat on a unk_JJ concrete path to the shops at the far end of the marina , setting unk_NNS nerves further over the edge .
he did n't want to think how his men would unk_VB almost ten days of constant vigilance .
money was obviously bought by the selective vision where he was concerned , but it would only go so far .
six star hotels were an exclusive marina , exclusive eyebrows raise wrong eyebrows and the last thing alberto needed for an all-out military military night battle .
it was impossible to sneak up on the water yacht , still in the boat detected immediately , even if it rowed .
but he wanted to ensure all avenues of attack were covered , even so , the waterside watched .
theyd covered all possible approaches , yet he was still worried .
maybe it was a place , or because it was the last night of unk_NNS latest binge .
but alberto had an ugly feeling in his guts , and it was n't something hed eaten .
his primeval senses tingled as if there was something out there coming from them .
and whatever it was , it meant them to harm .
he called his men to their radio check-in , everyone immediately responded , sounding alert and precise .
they were the best .
seasoned professional killers with a half dozen countries were making thirty-five grand a month , each to lay their lives in line .
he did n't like the odds of anyone foolish enough to take them on dead at night .
but his gut still told him they had a problem .
the assassin checked the luminescent face of his stopwatch , noting the satisfaction that he was on schedule .
he listened to the sound of the party , the marina still some distance away .
faint gusts of music muttered with a vague cadence on the water .
the target was making it almost too easy for him .
perhaps it was just providence , time calling unk_NN .
this was his specialty , impossible to unk_VB unk_NNS execution was his unk_NN .
it made him infamous for relatively short time .
but this was the most difficult unk_NN yet due to the heightened vigilance of the security team he knew was unk_VBN the final night of their rough duty concluded the vulnerable location .
hed thought of all the possible ways of unk_VBG unk_NNS , and when hed decided on his final plan , even he was impressed by the ingenuity of it .
now he just needed his contractors for time and to do their job , and unk_NN was better than dead .
he slipped beneath the surface of the water and submerged in the depth of fifteen feet .
that was sufficient for his purposes .
the small waterproof gps unit hed programmed into the dock coordinates radiated an orange glow readable three feet away .
by his calculations , he would need ten minutes to swim in his starting position on the plan , though hed allowed himself to fifteen , engaged in just the case .
better be safe to be sorry about this night .
his tank held sufficient air to breathe an hour he hoped was far more than necessary .
arranging all the pieces hed need at the end of the life of the brutal cartel boss was too expensive but sometimes cost the key was difficult .
hed learned the harsh experience , not a pinch of pennies or cheap out .
at the end of the night , hed far richer , so the end paid whatever his sunk costs themselves .
he was nothing if not pragmatic about the job .
his easy practiced stroke propelled him smoothly into the warm water as he neared the private marina .
he sensed he was close when he felt the current heralding the mouth of the harbor , as the surging tide pulled him into a broad opening .
visibility was zero of an inky darkness , so he was entirely flying as his instruments told him he had another hundred and fifty yards to go .
the contessa berthed on the dock closest to the harbors entrance , commanding the entire length , so there was no cover or alternative to doing a dive .
this is the only way to get close .
the commotion from the sea bed startled him like a cloud of muddy sediment .
a large unk_NN rose from the muck and glided toward him , nudging his unk_JJ legs with one of its wings .
sensing more of the creature than seeing it , he momentarily caught the guard .
his respiration increased as he flailed in alarm , causing a rush of bubbles to hurtle to the surface .
another glance at his watch confirmed that he still had five minutes to go .
by his reckoning , he was sixty or so yards in front of the boat and ninety in his targeted position .
carefully calculating the distance , he moved to the spot his unk_NNS told him , the correct one for his purposes .
with the mesh sack attached to his dive belt , he fished out the unk_NN cup with the handle on one end he affixed to the hull .
the assassin could feel the vibration of the big generators that provided all power when the rest of the massive twin unk_NN unk_NNS .
as expected , all systems were operating full bore a luxurious yacht .
unk_JJ steel was shredded its way into the hard fibrous material , almost five inches thick .
a bit six .
two minutes later he was through .
he jammed it up into the new opening and twisted the valve , wishing he could hear the satisfying hiss terminate the target .
that was where part two came to plan in .
the assassin depressed the button on the unk_NN cup and dropped it away from the hull .
he swam to the far side of the ship facing the bay and cautiously poked his head into the water right next to the section where the engine vents drew through the air .
another glance at his watch confirmed that he had a hundred and forty more seconds before it was time to show .
he groped the sack and drilled after unk_VBG into another hole , this time where the central units of air conditioning were situated .
he repeated the procedure for a second gas canister and returned to the surface again , hurriedly extending a telescopic tube akin to the car antenna antenna .
the assassin fitted a third larger canister to the end of an extension and was now in position and prepared , waited for the fireworks to begin .
alberto was the first to hear the big choppers rotors .
by the time he radioed his men , the sound of the aircraft increased with a chattering roar .
shooting alberto screamed at the radio behind his men to hold their fire nobody in the helicopter .
the piercing light slowly moved along the concrete path , locking the armed men and freezing each in place before it moved next .
alberto swore to himself .
that was way too close .
it was one of the navy unk_NNS , no doubt sent over to check reports of armed men on the waterfront .
the army and the navy chiefs in the area paid off so there was n't any problem .
it likely took a couple of radio exchanges before they called off the dogs .
they were equivalent to the american green berets , the toughest tough and they generally meant business .
alberto would know that he employed three ex-marines , genuine with authentic hard cases even in the world where blood casually spilled on a daily basis .
the unexpected unk_NN with over the patrols commenced again .
everything returned to a fragile calm .
the night still and contessa gently rocked the swell of incoming tide , the music within , still booming its siren song deep .
the assassin made his way to the cabin in the main stateroom , his silenced pistol ready .
hed brought it into a waterproof bag in ; he kept anything that did n't get immersed in a dive .
he did n't think hed need to use it , but better be prepared .
hed pulled his flippers off and set them on the rear deck , where he could grab them in a hurry .
in worst case , he could always swim with them , although it was much going to be rougher .
that was n't his most pressing problem now , though .
he needed to unk_VB his success and get proof back to his clients so he could second half collect his fee and build his reputation in the process .
he pushed the door into the master stateroom open and encountered the hell unk_NN straight .
unk_UH lay naked in the center of the bed , surrounded by his three young unk_NNS , also naked .
all is dead .
the nerve gas hed bought from the russians had done its work , circulating about three conditioners zoned in the air .
hed been guaranteed to kill gas for ten seconds of inhalation , but he needed to be sure .
thats what made him who he was .
he was the man that made sure .
the sight of female corpses , caked with their mouths and noses , already unk_JJ already had no effect on him .
this was his job of his chosen profession .
unk_NN damage was unk_JJ , but part of the deal .
the girls are likely dead a few years anyway , either in the hands of these unk_NN are their rivals .
it was a life of fast money , did n't come to a retirement plan .
breathing his unk_NN , the assassin studied the dead cartel 's boss , then fired a single shot to his forehead , more effect than anything .
he inspected his handiwork dispassionately before reaching for a watertight gun bag , a cell phone , and a laminated rectangle .
approaching the man , he positioned the card almost tenderly at his exposed throat before snapping a photo of the phone .
the figure on the card seemed to watch the proceedings with interest in his regal regal unblinking unk_NN gaze , the double-edged blade of his clutched sword pointing forever at the heavens .
satisfied with his handiwork , the assassin dropped the phone back into the sack and sealed it before placing it in a web bag hanging from his dive belt .
the noise above jolted him .
he heard movement up to the heavy bridge footsteps that carried down the unk_NN stateroom that would signal either the problem or the change of shift .
one part of the plan he had n't been able to nail was a detailed agenda of a security team .
there was just nobody he could find that paid off , so hed had to wing it .
he hoped that was n't a fatal flaw tonight .
alberto called his men to the dock area and briefed the new arrivals .
they shift unk_CD , which point theyd relieved a new fresh set of eight .
the cry of the bridge was interrupted by his reconnaissance and he looked up to where one of the new arrivals was waving .
what an idiot .
why do n't he use the radio ?
thats what they were for .
alberto turned the volume up on his unk_NN and called the man .
what is it ?
unk_JJ or any of the girls swimming today earlier , or this evening .
ive been gone for eight hours .
i do n't think so .
asked alberto , honestly puzzled by the question .
the pair of without warning the radio went dead .
the hair on unk_NNS arms stood up as he peered through the goggles up to the bridge .
he did n't see either men stationed there , the sentries .
come in .
come in .
can you read me ?
alberto hissed at the radio , his hopes sinking even as he called .
one of the two guards sailed along the side of the bridge , the body of formless four mass stories below , landing on the concrete surface of the dock at unk_NNS feet .
alberto stared at the body in disbelief at the stain of the thick dark blood , quickly pooling like a corpse .
moments later a second corpse hurtled towards the security men all rushed to the yacht , now in full-scale attack mode .
the night abruptly exploded into an inferno , temporarily blinding alberto .
the boat inside illuminated with a whump of an incendiary grenade , the interior in a flash of white-hot , ensuing blaze erupted from the windows to the side , shattered by a scorching blast .
the assassin allowed himself to sink to the bottom twenty-five feet below the surface .
hed give it a few minutes and let the gunmen exhaust their wrath before doing , so he still had sufficient air .
it was a long bay slog , swim fins that hed been forced to leave the aft deck .
that was unk_JJ .
he checked his watch and peered into the gloom with his unk_NN gauge that he illuminated using the dim glow from the gps .
it was a unk_JJ escape route , given that it was the farthest point of the ship .
odds there were any serious hunt for him , zero , he knew .
theyd far more interested in clearing out before they had to explain their heavily armed presence in the military .
in unk_NNP 's town , he was in forty minutes unk_NN or yet better than one of the big hotels just north of town .
when he got to shore , he could e-mail the photo from unk_NN , his distinctive card calling for a glorious display , using his cell phones internet capability .
the client was suitably impressed , yet given another impossible execution , his notorious accomplishments string had gone off without a hitch .
the touch of novel gas and hed delighted with the results .
at that stage , it was pretty obvious something killed the atmosphere of passengers , so the discovery would have zero effect on anything .
the vendor had done well by choice , the assassin grinned at the heavy glass mask hed use him again .
the reliability of the assassins game was the key to sustaining long-term relationships rewarding .
rousing himself from his reverie , he began swimming slowly away from the boat , hugging the bottom so to avoid any unk_NNS , the flashlight beams playing across the surface .
they were wasting their time , but he wanted to take no further chances .
by the time the flames extinguished , there was little left of the ships upper salon or unk_NNS , other than the main bedroom used by the owner .
his boss , his sacred charge was dead .
his blood ran cold when he saw the image of the seated regent protruding from unk_DT face .
hed heard the stories about rumors of a ghost that came to kill , but never believed they were true .
for now .
hed witnessed the handiwork in his own eyes , the handiwork of the swords king or el rey , as he had known in mexico .
he was every heavily protected nightmare , the worst targets , a man who could walk to walls or buildings sides , and with whom no one was safe .
seeing the assassins calling the card was the loss of any innocence or the hope hed ever had .
because now alberto knew that there was indeed unk_NN as the devil danced in the darkness , the unk_NN of things precious to the delivery of hell .
assurance alberto would say that there was something that scared him more about the mexican marines , torture more torture at the prospect of death itself .
he was a man , whom slaughter and killing , had seen an evil true face , and it stared back at him , unflinching .
el rey had come into the night and stolen unk_NNS soul .
the shacks were ablaze , sending embers shooting into the air as they carried the captives hopes of heaven 's survival to them .
the little girl sobbed , terrified of what was to come .
this was the worst night of toddlers in a short , harsh life , and it seemed surreal to her .
she hoped it was a nightmare .
the dead form of her father lay sprawled next to her mother , his life extinguished in an unspeakable manner .
she did n't understand any of it .
she wanted to live .
she had so much to do with her life , just starting .
as the seasons came and went , the familys time spent working their meager patch on the land , several acres a family plot of a century .
there was no plumbing , their water came well from unk_JJ .
the unthinkable happened then .
and now she kneeled , crying while she murmured the only prayer she knew , hoping it would work on the talisman to keep the bad men at bay .
our father , unk_NN of heaven , she unk_VBD in a soft , tremulous tone .
the little girl cried , the silent god that abandoned her , innocent even as she continued to recite the words that shed assured to protect her from anything .
thy lead ripped through her cerebrum , abruptly unk_VBG her brief sojourn to earth .
her frail body tumbled lifelessly to the ground .
her ordeal was over .
the nights drama was another , a long line of horrors theyd inflicted on their fellow men in order to solidify their unk_NNS control over the region .
the citizenry only understood and one thing respected and that brute force .
they were a delivery system , that primal justice , and they knew nobody would ever miss a peasant family or question the events of that night .
events remain just another footnote of slaughter in the ongoing part of drug traffic traffic .
nobody was to defend innocents , and so they perished as countless others had them , brutal episodes of nothing determined .
mexicos soil was steeped in the blood of helpless men , knew nobody would mourn them .
they had no power , no clout , and so disposable .
the enforcers returned to their truck , which started to roar , and they tore off into the night with the dirt track that led to civilization , such as it was .
~ twenty ~ years ago , the sinaloa sinaloa the horses whinnied as they galloped along the periphery of the open field .
the men gathered in the center , whistling through the ponies as they celebrated their temporary equestrian freedom .
the majority of the grown mexico unk_NNS came to sinaloa , and it was this harvest that was instrumental in the creation of the modern cartel system .
originally , only a few families engaged trafficking in u.s. marijuana , heroin of moderate quality and purity produced modest local fields .
it was a small business that operated in the cottage industry , held tightly to a minimum of violence other than turf wars growing and distribution rights .
in the early 1990s the mexican cartels were handling much trafficking in unk_NNS , whose cartels had disintegrated into the late 1980s , their survivors now mainly focused on manufacturing .
little had become a decade in a small business , the unk_JJ industry and various factions fought it out by the rights of their geographical areas .
1990 , the sinaloa cartel is most powerful , all in mexico all over the world , primarily in fact , because the unk_NN of the mexican drug trade of angel unk_NN miguel unk_NN is culiacan in the sinaloa capital .
it was he who ran about a hundred percent of mexico trade in the seventies and eighties , and he who had unk_NNS relationships .
a particular tijuana cartel and a unk_JJ cartel is unk_VBN with greater sway and a larger chunk of profits , leading often to the bloody wars of their sinaloa brethren .
the group of men watching the horses laughed together easily at unk_NN cans tempering the worst of the mid-day heat .
it would fall the storm season was largely over , but temperatures would still reach the high nineties during the day , bringing it into substantial humidity .
it was his birthday , and ten it was time for him to begin learning the skills hed require to survive in the unk_JJ world .
mexico , the head of one of the original ranking members of the sinaloa cartel , translated for more than reading , writing , and arithmetic .
its time for you to learn the world way .
and who knows , maybe when youre older , he even teach you a thing or two about women , miguel miguel joked .
the surrounding men laughed obligingly , his playful sense of fun .
my business is demanding an increasing amount of my time and ill be traveling much over a year so im entrusting you to unk_VB capable hands .
youre treat him with the same respect you can afford me .
can we clear that ?
hes your mentor , position of honor , but its also one of responsibility , and if you fail to apply yourself , it will reflect poorly to him .
the boy nodded his understanding .
he did n't talk much , never seen much to the point of it .
emilio regarded him and then grunted gesturing his head at the boy to follow him .
the pair of stables walked , and once the men were out of view , emilio got down on one knee so as better to get his point across .
my job is to make you a man .
i know your history and im here to tell you nothing matters , but present and future .
from where ?
thats meaningless .
nobody cares .
the only reason the past matters are so you can learn it .
thats the whole reason making mistakes and surviving them to matters .
experience is what we call the mistakes we survive .
emilio grinned and tussled the boys hair .
and ive got a lot of experience .
so youre going to stick with me , eh ?
every day before you go to school , we spend an hour together how to discipline your body .
every afternoon at school will spend three hours with me , learning how to discipline your mind .
once you have both total control , well proceed with fun stuff learning how to shoot a ride ride to swim in the hunt and how to stay hidden .
but i ca n't teach you anything until you have control over yourself .
the boy glared at him dubiously , his dislike of the situation and his new mentor obvious .
emilio swatted him on the side of the head , just enough to get his attention .
you see ?
you do n't have control .
you ca n't hide your emotions , so youre an open book for anyone who wants to read you .
you do n't like me and its obvious , so i now have power over you .
given me that power by failing to contain your feelings , and i can use it to hurt you .
so your first lesson is to control your emotions .
not if you control and blown around like a leaf , always reacting to whatever storm is taking place in your brain .
even ten years old , the boy learned to listen .
emilio could see the wheels turning in his small head as he absorbed what the older man had said .
it does n't matter to me , we can do this with an easy way or a hard way .
work either .
if youre interested in proving youre stubborn , your energy would save something that matters .
you want to prove something to show me youre determined , have plenty of chances .
my job is to build you a leader , others man up to who makes smart decisions to head to level and who never ever loses his cool .
soon youll figure out its better to put some effort into learning what im teaching rather than fighting it .
the end of resisting lessons would just delaying the inevitable getting parts of the fun .
decide so .
make a choice , then eliminate all the other possible outcomes .
that is your road .
i hope you select a good one , concluded emilio , and then opened the barn door and moved inside with bales of hay .
he studied the pile and motioned his hand to the old pitchfork leaning against the far wall .
happy birthday .
today , and every day until i tell you to stop you , i want you to move the hay from these bales , this pile is starting to a feeding trough .
one hour , a day spend doing it every morning at school .
emilio glanced at the boy , who now regarded him impassively .
the old man reached into his pocket and produced a new watch of stainless steel wrist , tearing off the tags as he examined the clasp .
he looked at the time and then tossed it to the boy , who snatched it out of the air with ease .
thats my birthday gift for you .
its always important to give in order to get .
i see youre unk_VBN by your catch .
that was the liability of time .
well work together so that you can do any task , either at hand equally comfortably .
if youre ever wounded in one arm , you can use the other and the difference between you living or dying on the floor .
everything i has for a reason .
but now the hay will start .
do you know how to read the clock ?
how to tell time to watch that .
the boy nodded his head in the affirmative .
another lesson .
never tell me you know something if you do n't .
i would n't mind it if you did n't know not knowing if you had n't shown n't your fault .
not knowing because you have n't shown because you pretended to unk_VB stupidity , emilio cautioned .
i know how to tell time how to read the clock .
im not stupid , the boy declared angrily .
ah , so he speaks .
very good .
but you still have n't learned my first lesson .
by showing me how youre feeling either your voice or eyes or body , youre giving me an advantage over you .
and i can use that to destroy you .
so well work you learning to control your emotions to cool and collected at all times .
its first lesson will teach you and probably a single most valuable .
emilio studied the boys features , dark brown eyes radiating with quiet intensity .
once you master the ability to manage your inner domain , you have the power of others instead of them , having power over you .
learning to do so in a matter of practice .
the more you practice will become more composed and youll progress youll faster .
its not just about hiding your emotions from others , its about arresting your state .
if you lose control , you will lose .
its that simple .
if nothing else could always remember that .
did you lose ?
emilio glanced at the pitchfork , then back at the boy .
and something tells me you do n't like losing , eh ?
well , heres another piece of experience , a lifetime of mistakes , takes winning usually work a lot of it .
and practice .
and commitment .
which is where i come in .
so happy birthday , treat your watch , care and it will function well for many years and get the hay its not going to move itself .
emilio turned and strode out of the building and onto the riding dirt path , leaving the boy with his thoughts .
emilio could tell he was one tough little bastard , that was sure .
it was n't easy reining him in .
it was the same with the horses .
miguel was don a smart man , and he was clear that he expected the groomed boy to a suitable heir to his rapidly expanding fortune .
the next years of five or six ones , the character of the boys was forged and made him whatever he would ultimately be .
tough , tough .
so stubborn .
and smart .
miguel stressed don how intelligent the boy was , devouring every book he could get his hands on .
that was a powerful combination of character traits .
emilio would steer him in the direction where he had an outlet for his obvious simmering anger .
don did n't have time to raise him and teach him what hed need to know .
every day brought more and more threats , dons survival was that he was hiding in much time , directing his affairs to a safe distance .
don miguel was now major player in the mexican trafficking scheme , but the spoils of risks came .
there was a constant and never-ending supply of enemies , his throat cut to the slightest advantage .
the danger is very real and immediate .
so he would leave his beloved unk_NN on his horses and become the general of the ongoing war coming home only brief visits when he deemed it safe .
dons business was no retiring , no quitting to pursue other interests .
the trade operated according to the jungle law , you kept killing until something killed you .
if you are a meanest and smartest predator , perhaps youd have a long life .
so far , miguel proved miguel up to be every challenge .
that was a change in a blink , but emilio did n't think so .
he was one of a million , easily genius , as well as utterly ruthless and clinically calculating .
that combination of traits was rare , especially in business that boasted more testosterone at the boxing club .
but don was also looking for the future .
he realized that the boy was always a target , no matter what pursuit he chose , an adult .
which meant he needed to be equipped with skills that would enable him to survive the world filled with enemies .
emilio boys best shot at survival .
he would teach him the lessons he need to learn well in order to stay alive and hopefully to flourish .
he would make the boy man .
starting today ?
he was remarkably self-possessed , excelled in his studies , and diligently worked his exercises .
emilio transitioned to him in the hay for real workout in order to keep up with his rapidly developing physique .
his upper body was sculpted into a series of unk_JJ exercises culminating in unk_NNS and push-ups , his lower body conditioned with runs increasingly longer .
even as he approached his fourteenth birthday , he was easily mistaken for two years older and his gait was taken with measured confidence of athlete .
miguel stopped don occasionally , and each time hed been surprised by the boys development .
six months had gone at a time , it seemed each visit inches from a few boy and sporting a few more pounds of muscle .
don miguel was pleased with the metamorphosis , and his satisfaction increases in generous boys allowance indicated as well as unk_NN unk_NN .
the boy was now easily unk_NNS half workload because the number of skills learned to be increased his age .
he was already an accomplished rider , horseback and a swimmer , and shown considerable aptitude for unk_NN .
that was how he approached things methodically , unk_RB .
hed quickly taken unk_NNS counsel to heart and worked at controlling his emotions , no matter what the stimuli worked .
emilio taught him any number of tricks to help him remain detached and calm any situation .
on his fourteenth birthday , don miguel was nowhere to be found , but the substantial financial stipend sent lavished on the boys newest training weapons .
at this point he knew the practice of the boy until he excelled at whatever challenge , and he was n't disappointed in his progress with firearms .
after a year the boy shot through the crack with any weapon you handed him , firing handed either right or left .
nobody was hurt to be done with no harm and everyone was getting a bountiful christmas bonuses each year , so there was no reason to rock any boats .
it would live and let live as far as law enforcement concerned which worked out in everyones best interests .
the boy quickly grew comfortable , any guns provided for him .
his fourteenth year had transitioned his fifteenth he was exceeding all expectations , emilio had him .
he set up two coffee cans thirty yards away from each other , paced off forty yards of the boy , and held out both handguns .
left target , shoot your left hand using a revolver .
use one to the right of unk_NN .
fire as quickly as you can , while maintaining emilio with accuracy instructed .
the boy hefted both pistols , getting to feel their weight .
he knew hundreds of hours of experience , firing a big bore revolver that required different skills into a smaller automatic caliber .
how many pounds that trigger pressure on unk_NN ?
the boy asked .
i wonder if youre in a situation where you have to use someone elses weapon whether able to answer that for you .
my guess is not , emilio replied .
the boy shrugged .
never hurt to ask .
he calculated the distance and then began firing weapons , alternating rapidly , but not in an uncontrolled manner .
a pair of cans , which theyd filled water , sprouted leaks .
after emptying both weapons in their direction , they walked over to inspect the results .
six possible revolver hits , five found their mark .
all nine emilio loaded with theirs found unk_NN .
not bad .
i guessed you did n't hit any of the revolver .
the only problem is that the one you ca n't hit it might be one that you needed to save your life .
well need more practice for this to switch things up with you .
and i want to start practicing while running or riding out of the vehicle soon shooting .
this is high praise of emilio , grudging his unk_NNS .
the boy smiled .
he understood that his performance was extraordinary .
nobody he knew would have done it .
but emilio was right .
there was no room for error , and no satisfaction to be had from being almost great .
unk_NNS could only concern the boy with the matured inevitable interest he showed to his jasmine daughter .
she was a year younger than a boy , but already a beauty , thankfully reflecting her mothers genes rather than unk_NNS .
jasmines mother died when she was five , leaving emilio on the shoulder of the burden of raising her assisted by his sister and mother .
return to which of the ladies as he called them , jasmine raised while he was working .
the only quirk was shed shown deep occult interest , no doubt was driven by a frustrated desire to somehow relate to her departed mother .
emilio was worried , but the ladies assured him that it was just a phase , a way to appear more mysterious as she came to age .
unk_NNS days consisted of working with the boy and the horses .
once both children were home in school , his attention was focused almost exclusively on the boy , leaving jasmine trained in the ways of feminine ladies in the world .
this is n't because of any lack of love for unk_JJ part .
on the contrary , he lived with jasmine .
he rationalized that this is natural and hopefully pass also .
she just needed other women to learn whatever it was they learned while he taught the boy how to do masculine things .
the nearest culiacan was a large city , a half hour drive to the ranch .
it had a number of martial arts schools specializing in karate judo , and kung unk_NN .
the boy convinced emilio that his development warranted three classes of the week .
his classmates treated him with polite and cautious deference on at that point .
he did n't mix the rest of his peers and showed no interest in friendships with casual unk_NN in the halls .
they were children , given the excitement or emotional flights , whereas he was almost an adult , always restrained .
he was quiet and withdrawn and tended to keep himself preferring to preferring to limit his mingling to jasmine at recess .
they had grown close to the virtue of their shared figure with male authority .
it was a unk_NN relationship for the most part , but the ladies cautioned both emilio and jasmine that things would have to change once they both matured .
shortly after he turned sixteen and at fifteen she occurred to the inevitable , two became inseparable in spite of the adults admonitions .
the colt boy had grown a gangly , self-possessed young man that looks made the females glance at him twice , and jasmine radiated beauty dazzling to behold .
so what are you up to ?
ever the same .
the last days school days and the constant practice of your father .
ah , yes , practice .
thats got to get old for a while , she said , offering a gleaming smile .
the boy eyed the proceedings with marginal interest , his attention more drawn to jasmines smooth skin and flashing eyes than anything unk_JJ .
when the show was over , electricity seemed to crackle with jasmine and the boy , unspoken , but as powerful as a lightning strike .
come on .
the boy nodded , swallowing hard , his mouth suddenly dry and they walked to the edge of the clearing and then the heavy woods surrounding the ranch .
where are you going ?
he asked , but she did n't answer anything but shush as she led the way .
the heat of the day was built of muggy unk_NNS , the approaching storm , and the change in the atmosphere of water was palpable .
i just wanted to get away for a while .
its so damned hot in the house and nothing to do .
im bored , she complained , her lips flashing a hint of a smile as she took the stream .
how about you ?
dont you get tired of every day the same thing is never anything new .
its driving me crazy , he moved to the edge of the bank and picked up a small flat stone , then tossed it into the swirling current .
who would n't ?
he admitted , and then they both fell silent , contemplating the surge of gentle streams .
jasmine sat down in the water and then lay back on the grass , considering the sparse configuration , the puffy clouds overhead as though they held some sort of secret .
hed always been easy in her presence , bred for familiarity with years of proximity , but now suddenly everything felt different and he could n't think of anything to say .
a warm breeze stirred the surrounding trees , and for a moment , the time stood still , lingering perfection in an instant , as though it was forever last .
jasmine rolled behind him and reached up with a trembling hand , then pulled him down with her , required no words .
he hesitated for an instant for a brief and then he was lying next to her , her scent vaguely floral , as inviting as anything hed ever dreamt of .
his lips found hers and his eyes closed , even as hers remained open , a faraway look behind them , neither recognized .
the boys tentative gentleness gradually shifted to a more aggressive confidence , and soon the urgency of him dictated its own pace .
her rhythm matched his new unfamiliar hunger now , in control of her , need a little more of a smolder , suddenly flaring up to become an out-of-control blaze .
im hot .
come on .
its wonderful , she invited , and he glanced down at his shirt and pants , the evidence of his arousal was obvious .
the day passed through the fog of desire , their finally unleashed appetites , forbidden secrets to each others now bodies of accessible wonder to be explored .
a couple of time were found to sneak away even while unk_JJ watch , as young lovers often do confounding the best intentions of their guardians .
theyd spend long hours with each others arms in the barn or hidden away from one of the recesses of the main house or their original spot rendezvous spot .
once theyd discovered their passion , they were prisoners , whod crossed a long dry desert , and found themselves in the oasis .
their unk_NN soon became a daily event and for the first time in his life the boy found himself enraptured by another human being .
even the boy was willing to entertain the quirky ideas of the nature of reality , and indulged her penchant for spirituality and paranormal , gradually developed had gradually developed a borderline obsession .
every other utterance was her fate , what or stars wanted , a boy attributed to her exotic nature and bored intellect .
even though don miguel had ever hardly evidence , he insisted that the boy had been protected at all times as though the ranch attack was imminent .
this was just another way to which he was different , his cartel brethren , he was a meticulous planner , and nothing left to chance .
that stood before him in good stead in his life , he was unk_JJ with possible threats to his family or entourage .
the young couple leaned their bicycles in front of the house and unk_CC ascended three rickety steps .
jasmine knocked on the door and flakes of sun-bleached paint dusted her knuckles , the sound of their arrival echoing through the walls of unk_NN .
after a considerable pause , the weathered door opened , an ancient gray-haired woman wearing a red gauze gypsy shawl trimmed with small gold coins .
she fixed them both on the one-eyed stare , lost in the vision of her other eye long ago .
the boy felt a momentary revulsion when he saw her unk_JJ pupil , but hid his reaction and braved a tentative smile .
so this young man ?
welcome jasmine , mi amor .
look at him .
one strapping yes .
handsome , you are that right and strong , bull , id wager .
come in , come in madame unk_NN , insisted madame gesturing to the interior of her unk_JJ hand .
sit on the table .
lets see what we have , eh ?
first look at your palm and see what the gods have written to you in terms of love and lifeand then reading reading .
she peered at them through the gloom , a crafty expression on her wizened face .
the bowl and money disappeared quickly , and then madame moved into the room with lighting candles and incense .
the overall effect was somewhat clumsy , but effective against the local unk_NN , he supposed .
what jasmine found him so it was all fascinating , but if it made her happy so it ?
accepting her fascination with judgment seemed a small enough price to pay to find heaven in her embrace .
the crone approached the table and switched on the dusty yellow hanging lamp an intricate shade of unk_NN directed most of the light in the center of the table .
she sat across from the boy and gestured to him .
give me your hand .
right in hand .
palm up .
just relax .
this does n't hurt .
much , she assured him , then cackled .
he wondered shed gotten her act in central casting a horror film of unk_NN , kind of popular with local unk_NNS badly dubbed spanish or blurry unk_NNS .
still , he played along and dutifully placed his hand on the table .
the woman took it from hers and made a variety of sounds intended to signal deep thought , no doubt .
i can see that your line of love is clear .
you only have one real love for your life , and it is early for your time here .
your lifeline is different .
its long but has many breaks , signaling something unusual .
maybe illness maybe brushes death .
but it continues , so you can prevail upon it unk_RB .
this went on for a while and he feigned polite interest in the ambiguous unk_NNS of his possible future .
of course , with jasmine sitting there , listening , love was early and intense and genuine , the element of truth held .
when he was jasmine , he felt like an eagle soaring through the clouds .
the intensity of his feelings for her was almost scary .
it gave her power over him , his training advised him to recoil from .
still , unk_NNS were not to be denied and he was smitten , that was sure .
this is tarot .
it all knows all and tells .
nobody can hide the truth of tarot , and its words possess wisdom for ages .
sure , they do .
a hundred of my unk_NNS are worth to be exact .
cheesy canned tunes and a gypsy act .
he wished shed on it .
the woman began her ritual , and at the end , shed revealed all the cards .
the boy was absently studying the photos on the stained wall around her , his attention caught on a raven photograph , or perhaps a crow , perched on a barbed-wire fence .
something about it chilled his blood , but he did n't know why .
hed tuned her prattle on his gaze , images roamed thinking of thoughts worthy of his energy rather than listening to superstitious mumbo-jumbo .
his awareness grudgingly returned to the table , pulled a photo of crow as madame unk_JJ contemplated the meaning of the cards .
she pointed to several with a trembling finger .
this is death .
its reading placement is ominous .
it would signal many things , but in this sequence it was hints that you were constantly surrounded by death .
the droning woman continued , but the boy was unk_VBG out again .
gee , good guess .
youre living in culiacan with don miguel , as is your protector and benefactor , going to be surrounded by death .
what a stretch and surprise for one and all .
nonstop weapons and survival , training jasmine had no doubt chatted with a woman about was n't unk_NN or anything .
hell , all he had to do was close his eyes and he would bring death to a fresh surface as though it had only occurred just yesterday .
incredibly incredibly insightful so far .
he is getting his moneys worth .
what was next ?
and this of a defining card was the king of swords .
but its inverted .
which is a negative sign .
it would mean many things to most of which involve destruction and selfish inverted consequences .
the boy asked , finally interested in something shed said .
its upside down , the medium explained in a tremulous voice .
not me , the boy observed .
he was sitting beside her .
they were both correct .
tense , drew reading close to uncomfortable and abrupt , the woman seeming suddenly anxious to be rid of them .
no doubt she felt shed done enough of her unk_NN for a hundred unk_NNS and hoping for more revenue than a day .
she had n't responded well to the boys reading mockery as theyd pedaled taking it from a personal affront to her sacred beliefs .
in retrospect , he would have chosen his few words for more kindness .
unk_VBN bullshit is baffling as superstitious idiocy .
whatever the womans ability to be divine in the future , one thing changed forever that afternoon on .
jasmine and he had never been the same , which he attributed directly to the vicious , old witchs black predictions .
the old crone had the ability to unk_VB the future , all right , that shed initiated a subtle campaign to undermine their relationship , for who knew what the reason was .
but he quickly learned that the power of superstition was significant in a lesson he could carry forward with him in life .
the previous months had passed the topic of how to deal with a romantic unk_NN , often aired by the elders at the compound .
it was a constant sticking point in emilio and the ladies .
emilio 's opinion that if the boy was going to be sampling his bounty of precious unk_NN flowers , he would plan on getting married , the sooner the better .
the ladies argued about any sort of confrontation , who because partially he was , as well as mitigating in their youth .
neither jasmine nor the boy was aware of the seething disagreement of their unk_NNS caused , not either of them particularly interested in the opinions of older adults .
the arrogance of youth inevitably believed in its supremacy and convinced that young was typically convinced that the aged grasp of how the modern world worked .
the boy lapped it up , growing more each day and eventually moved with his infatuation with jasmine even as she showed no further appetite for him .
it was that sixteenth summer he made a mental resolution to an impenetrable island and aloof , using others at his convenience , but nothing more .
for the first time in his life hed opened up and entrusted jasmine with his heart , only to be repaid spitting at her , his face his trouble .
his rigid training provided a solution , never allow anyone to get close , never reveal your true self and never care .
and so it was that he found a useful philosophy that afforded him some relief for his time with confused pain .
the others had no innate value to him beyond what they would do to further his agenda or meet his demands .
they were objects that only existed with minor planets orbiting his solar system , in which he was the sun of life unk_NN and the destroyer of worlds .
the boy had a slim interest in considering the ramifications of his chosen worldview .
his training had now consumed all of his free hours as he sought to exceed even emilio the highest bars could conjure the challenges .
hed increased his dojo sessions five times a week and quickly mastered most of the offered techniques .
he had a ravenous intellect for any his instructors had ever seen the young man who would do or whatever he wanted .
the remainder of his sixteenth year was spent in rigorous pursuit of excellence , whether they were physical intellectual or unk_VBN endeavors .
his teen years were a defining period , where he honed his proficiency on the razors edge .
emilio sought discipline , instill yielded incredible dividends .
the boy was almost superhuman with his commitment and unk_NN .
it was as though providence had blessed him with a surplus of fitness and unk_NN .
by the time he was due to turn seventeen emilio was satisfied that his boy work was done .
hed made the transition to the boy with a young man and the world was now his playground with do as he liked .
chapter eleven years ago , veracruz was in veracruz chapter 4 years ago in veracruz , crawling with personnel and equipment .
this is the primary headquarters of the gulf region , and where specialized training in the countrys equivalent of seals took unk_NNS unk_NN place or the special forces .
this elite team of fighters had just created a unk_NN the navys marine marines in the marines .
they are mexicos ultimate ninja squad to be used to be the most dangerous of the circumstances , most of the missions are hazardous .
the young man abruptly departed from the sinaloa hed floated to mexico for a few months , creating appropriate paperwork so he could join the navy using the virgin identity .
he quickly impressed his commanding officers with his supernatural weapons capabilities and placed the track fast on the new group .
he was a dream candidate for a job , an athletic young , a prodigy , smart , fearless guns , and was extremely tough .
it if had ever been the vocation that specially made him one of the new navy commandos .
even the motto resonated with him of unk_NN unk_NN , unk_NN .
spirit force and wisdom .
he had all three in abundance and hed arrived at the perfect place to continue the education hed begun with emilio .
hed signed up a few months his seventeenth birthday , although his new paperwork had put his age eighteen and a half .
that was the necessary artifice as his name selection so he could start anew , any baggage of his past .
the young man was now calling himself unk_JJ unk_NN as good as any other , he supposed .
names are unimportant to him .
they were disposable as most of everything in his life .
unk_NN excelled in brutal training conditions , which truth had been told , and more relaxed the ones the ones hed imposed on himself were kinder .
but he learned a lot , especially on the side of the explosives .
there was nothing military to unk_VB the kind of training you just did n't get in civilian life , no matter what you did .
he became a model of all the men who would follow , demanding himself more than anything mustered in his trainers .
the young unk_NN was far more motivated by any of his classmates to get all he could out of his years of service .
he viewed his military time as a stepping stone , whereas his peers would go on to soldiers career .
none of which he told his recruiting officer .
in basic training , he stood out as far from the quality of the other green recruits .
his scores of written exams floored the instructors .
a unk_RB smart candidate was here , a fish swim , shoot , marksman , and had physical prowess with a professional athlete .
today they were working on , specialized sniping at a long range that considered anything a thousand meters or almost thirty-three hundred feet .
such extreme distances , a variety of elements came to play , wind strength and direction , humidity , temperature , elevation , and rate of movement , if it was n't a stationary target .
while recorded instances of snipers successfully killing more than twenty-four hundred meters , those considered anomalies .
a mile sixteen hundred meters away from the target .
exercise targets for days , confirmed distance to a thousand meters , or roughly three mile quarters .
many snipers preferred smaller unk_CD caliber caliber rifles , and the official sniper rifle marines , heckler & koch unk_NN firing a unk_CD millimeter round .
each sniper cadet was assigned to a coach that gave the firing order and then received a unk_NN report .
accuracy dropped markedly off , once crossed over the threshold of seven hundred meter and there were a few who deliver precise hits over eight hundred .
what did your nose tell you ?
the coach asked unk_RB .
moderate humidity .
the speed of wind and direction guesstimate .
seven ten knots , unk_NN , unk_NN replied .
thirty degrees unk_NN .
hes going to do this on the computer .
based purely on your observations .
if youre confident of your observations , adjust your bearings accordingly .
good luck , the coach said and then stepped back , leaving the young man himself .
unk_NN concentrated on controlling his breathing and soon his entire awareness was synthesized into the tiny world by scope .
long ago , hed learned never to pull the trigger as it would throw off accuracy .
best of a deliberate squeeze .
the radio crackled and the report came back .
the unk_NN .
good shooting .
they repeated the exercise in ten shots , all of which landed on a ten inch grouping .
i think done here , young man .
that was an impressive shooting .
unk_UH looked up at the coach .
he was emboldened by his success and wanted to try best for personal .
he got along well with the man so he floated to his idea .
why do n't we try it in unk_CD meters ?
just to make it interesting .
unk_UH suggested .
the coach looked at him like he was crazy .
pretty cocky , huh ?
thats the impossible range with that weapon and that ammo , not to mention that scope .
do you want to put money on it ?
asked the coach .
fifteen hundred meters were just a mile away and the absolute maximum of the target rifles unk_JJ range .
two hundred unk_NNS says , i can nail it with five three .
although i agree to crap this ammo in that distance .
id prefer to load it myself with better consistency , but hey , unk_UH said .
but the three misses we go home and im two hundred richer .
the coach got on the radio and issued instructions to the man unk_NN who moved obligingly to the target at the farthest point in the field before taking cover .
its your funeral .
fire when ready , the coach said .
unk_UH took his time , made further adjustments to the scope , then repeated his meditation process , where he became one of the weapon .
the discharge almost startled him , so his concentration was focused .
there was no need to wait on the radio to report .
he knew what it would say .
unk_UH , twenty centimeters from the center , crackled over the radio .
right or left .
or low or high .
tell him to be specific , would you ?
unk_NN unk_VBN .
wide-eyed , the coach studied unk_RB like he was another planet , then posed a question .
response came back .
hes right .
thats what i thought hed say .
the winds died down with hair for the last thirty seconds .
tell him clear , unk_NN said .
once he got to go ahead , he repeated the impossible shot .
four more times .
all the shots were grouped on foot at variance .
the coach gladly handed two hundred unk_NNS to a single , most astounding display of marksmanship hed ever witnessed .
youre a fucking monster , you know that .
thats voodoo shit right there .
ive never seen anything like it and ive been teaching over ten years .
that i was one of the top three marksmen marksmen unk_VBD the coach , studying him in a kind of wonder .
those that can , do both men laughed together in spite of the unk_JJ age difference .
unk_NN would never again shoot that accuracy at that distance , preferring to limit his performance to more average expectations .
it would n't do to show off , or to develop too much of a reputation .
better had a million day one and then a third of the class top would graduate on top .
he remembered unk_NNS sage counsel from when he was just a sprout .
ill never show too much of your hand .
is to give your enemies information to make the gift .
and friends had become enemies .
so know how good you are and then take private pleasure in that accomplishment .
becoming celebrated makes you a target .
better to be in the middle of a herd when the hunters come to the head .
in the evening , unk_UH enjoyed his place like a spotlight on his peers as unk_VBD the news of his exploit .
the information is power and allowing no , inviting others to understand that his capabilities are foolhardy .
his goal was to drain what experience he could in service and then slip away like a ghost .
it would serve no useful purpose to be noticed any more than he had already been .
at that point he would adopt a lower profile and continue to accumulate pearls of experience with his work there .
that night , as he lay his head on his bunk , he began a silent mental countdown .
when he would begin his new new life .
patience , patience , he told himself , pay enormous dividends that it became his bedtime mantra .
he needed to maximize his learning while he was still in school .
thats how he viewed his life as the point hed arrived at it was his education .
time had soon come when the pupil proved himself master , but now he had lessons to absorb .
and he still needed more hours of scuba time as well as some orientation of flying planes and helicopters .
two the latter is n't the curriculum , but he is unk_VBG to get them added .
you never know too much .
with visions of his future cascading over his awareness , he slowly drifted off to sleep , his days finally toil to the end .
the panamanian flag was flying , caruso caruso , at least forty years old , and made a long trip countless times countless .
the dark paint on her dented steel sides bubbled in rivets on the underlying rust .
she looked at her last legs as many of the freighters that made their way through the busy deep port of water .
it was an ingenious design that had taken place modifications to a discreet colon shipyard in panama while the other unk_NNS were attended to .
it is far more unk_JJ to use unk_NNS muscle instead of your own , and if rivals got firefight in the process , so much the better .
long marines were considered only incorruptible military branch .
the army was notoriously riddled with rot but marines for whatever reason had n't bought off and so most feared the branches of law enforcement .
mexico worked with the army and unk_NNS police and unk_NNS internal security , included battling the drug cartels , especially the recent unk_NN , more specialized groups .
the total budget for the army was less than a unk_NN percent , it was considerably at put a billion dollars .
that was the contrast of over fifty billion fifty billion dollars a year as cocaine moved toward the cartels .
eighty : a ninety percent margin that narcotraficantes left vastly greater resources in the army .
since the mexicans had taken trafficking in unk_NNS cocaine and had begun manufacturing earnest unk_NNS had gotten money crazy .
unk_NN profits are still significant to one of the two hundred percent unk_NN of mexicans , but the margin in internationally trafficking is five tenfold .
at the margins of the incredible , direct function of substances unk_NN , the target market of the united states .
but keeping illegal substances , especially since they huge demand that profits caused to go to the roof .
mexico bore the brunt of the violence ensued by power struggles , principally because it was a geographic gateway to the largest market for world drugs in the united states .
the range six hundred meters from unk_NN closest to him , it was not a gusting knot gusting knot hed need the factor in .
this was his first active operation since graduating from special forces course , so he felt a tingle of anticipation before finally testing his skills in the unk_JJ environment .
shooting paper targets or silhouettes in range was one thing , but it was thick with enemies shooting back , quite another .
this operation is a tricky one , that the commander does n't want to get into battle with a gun if he does n't have to .
unk_UH questioned logic involved but did n't say anything .
hed had a high-speed tender secured by the ships stern , contingency get-away , and also had a man watching the water approach , just in case .
because you never ever really knew you had to expect the unexpected .
but it was n't his place to second-guess his superiors , and he was interested to see how to exercise play out .
he gave the marines less than twenty percent less of taking the ship to a battle that meant hed see some real action .
albeit in the distance , but preferred that truth .
long ago hed concluded it was far safer sniping from afar to be a hero rushing to a hail of slugs .
that would leave his peers .
hed pick his targets with surgical precision before they knew what hit them .
two large norwegian wharf rats scurried dock away from the ship and two smoking men .
these are big rodents , their bodies are good eighteen inches long with tails to match scavengers the size of small dogs .
the area of the pier was infested with them and the city had long ago been given up on trying to bring the control population .
unk_UH studied the ships battered bridge for signs of life , slowly scanning the superstructure and taking his time through each windows with reinforced helms .
he knew his reading was designed for unk_VBG vessels to withstand the seas up sixty feet in height , the waves theory did n't get any larger than that .
of course , a hundred foot rogue waves recorded with some regularity , industry ignored because if you built the ships those survive , they too would be expensive .
his night-vision scope illuminated the bridge with an eerie green .
there were two armed sentries in the superstructure visible , outside one of the bridge walkway and the other inside .
he could just make out a gleam in the interior binoculars , so unk_NNS opinion was the chances of the commanders scheme working less than zero had diminished .
he was glad it was n't his line of line in this one .
virtually anything other than a direct assault on the dock .
no wonder the military casualties of drug wars so high .
operational plans amounted to the charge to brandishing a saber and screaming .
a little expectation of anything but a blood bath .
he did n't envy his fellow commandos for their duty tonight .
there was no way this would go well .
he adjusted his scope to compensate for the stiffening wind and calculate the distance of his laser unk_NN .
six-hundred seventy-four meters .
like shooting fish in a barrel , he thought , allowing himself a private luxury with a small smile .
the smile was anything but reassuring .
the commander gave the signal and two undercover men exited the building , one holding a bottle of unk_NN in his hand and talking loudly with an inebriated slur .
when there were six total men on the gangplank , the ship was a breach and more pour out of the building and reinforce them there .
they had two vehicles waiting to race out filled with armed men on the gangplank for fifteen seconds at the time given the signal .
it seemed like suicide to unk_VB , but it was n't his job to craft a better plan .
he was only there to shoot that he was now positioned perfectly to do .
it was inefficient , which his sense of symmetry offended more than anything .
he watched as the two men staggered their way onto the pier and then returned his full attention to the bridge .
the pair of undercover operatives by the time they made it into two sentries was the sight of the bridge due to an angle to the hull .
unless of course the two guards moved , which disaster case disaster or alternatively would need to be aborted .
walking headfirst into the killing zone were generally bad strategy anywhere in the world , not just in mexico , and he did n't see the commander barreling forward if the plan was doomed to failure .
at least he hoped not .
carrying the exterior sentry of the bridge , the machine pistol of some sort it looked like an uzi to unk_VB .
that meant a limited useful range and accuracy .
an uzi antiquated design , an effective range about two hundred meters fine in typical unk_JJ urban combat , but lousy with applications requiring accuracy of the distance .
its effective range of unk_NN and extremely high muzzle velocity , it made the ideal choice of assault applications to be more compensated for its relatively small slug size .
hed fired all three of emilio over the years and disassemble and reassemble any of them in a matter of seconds , so he knew unk_IN he spoke .
their luck was n't going well so far .
the two sentries smoking on the dock moved toward the men , so any engagement would take place in the plain sight of the bridge .
that would mean a full-blown firefight with no cover , a likely very high toll on the special forces side .
he exhaled , unk_VBG his mind in preparation for imminent attack and zeroed in unk_VBZ unk_CD barrett rifle sniper rifle in on the upper torso .
the bridge man was still on his biggest concern .
show it time .
he fixed the target on the bridge in the crosshairs and waited for instruction .
the commander was watching the approach and was not liking what he saw .
he understood unk_NNP if the sentries on the bridge did n't caught unawares , the assault would become a slaughterhouse with his men taking heavy casualties .
after struggling with the internal debate , the commander murmured the com system .
the mission was aborted .
shit , hissed the commander and began pacing , mulling over his choices .
now theyd probably have to just pull up armored vehicles and do this a hard way shooting it out with no element of surprise .
taking out a single sentry almost a thousand meters was a challenge , which was n't really much .
it was a single shot .
maybe two if they send someone to find some armor-piercing rounds .
i have a word .
unk_UH asked .
the commander regarded him with surprise .
unk_NN was one of his best men , but he never spoke .
he was a loner with no close relationships in the corps .
this is n't a great moment .
yes , sir .
i know , sir .
very well .
make it quick , the commander barked .
we need to coordinate a frontal assault before this goes on much longer .
permission approach , sir ?
get on with it .
unk_UH moved to the commanders side and spoke in a low , calm tone , explaining his ideas and arguing an amphibian assault .
the commander listened carefully and then cut him off in forty-five seconds .
that would require far more stealth and luck than weve had tonight .
no , i think well good old-fashioned frontal assault and take our punches .
unk_NN considered arguing the point and then decided he did n't care that much .
hed still get to shoot a couple of bad guys , at least , and what did he care for the end if the half squad mowed down ?
yes , sir .
thank you for hearing me out , sir .
if going to do frontal , i please get the magazine with armor-piercing rounds .
come in handy to take out the gunman to the bridge , requested unk_NN .
the commander nodded and called the com to one of the team members waiting for the next building .
twenty minutes .
have em ?
well move thirty .
the commander spun around and began issuing orders in preparation for unk_NN assault .
theyd need an armored personnel carriers a couple of enough to carry forty men .
the fallback plan was much more straightforward .
drive up to the ship .
deploy men if no firing takes place and seize the ship .
if the sentries or crew had decided to shoot it out , the blast was everything away from sight and shoot their way to the crew of the crew either surrendered or dead .
it was inelegant and the result of a lot of flying bullets , but it had the benefit of simplicity .
unk_UH thanked him and emptied half of one of the spare magazines , counting out five shells and replacing them with five armor-piercing rounds .
he ejected the current bullet from the rifle and chambered one of the new armor-piercing cartridges , then returned to watching the sentries through his night-vision scope .
the commander checked his watch , and precisely unk_CD a.m. ordered the assault on which everything quickly happened .
two gray unk_NNS resembled small tanks , anything more else rumbled around the corner and out from the pier followed by two hulking trucks .
sentries froze on the dock , staring in numb disbelief at the apparition and then hurriedly scuttled up the gangplank and disappeared up the ship .
one mans head reappeared in a few seconds and then the gangplank collapsed onto the concrete pier below .
the crash followed almost immediately as the watertight steel door slamming shut with a boom .
as it was barred from within , the cogs of cogs was audible halfway down the dock , even with a baritone growl from the vehicles .
it was going to be considerably harder to take a freighter now , because the traffickers were forewarned .
unk_UH took the situation a few moments , waiting to the right instant and squeezed the trigger .
the boom of the guns was deafening .
ringing the ears , he watched with satisfaction as both the sentry standing on the bridge and the man collapsed inside .
hed timed it so he fired when the man was directly in front of the man on the bridge , effectively killing two birds with one armor-piercing stone .
no reason to waste his precious ammo , after all .
he swiveled his attention to the hull , where he could just make out heads popping up here and there , the nocturnal unk_NN version of the fairground stall .
a man wearing a baseball cap leaned over the railing and fired his weapon into the vehicles below .
unk_UH caressed the trigger again and watched the shooters head vaporized .
moving down the line , he waited for the opening and took out another .
he was now four down the three shells he felt were fair contribution to the ensuing operation train wreck .
that left commandos and traffickers in a classic mexican standoff .
the shooting stopped on the other ship , a lone gunman who had n't made it inside in time , but the bulk of the bridges tower , and so the unk_NNS line of sight .
firing two unk_NNS also stopped , though the entire area of the waterfront still resonated with echoes receding of gunfire .
the orders commander barked in the radio and men emptied the personnel carriers and took up the position to mount the assault .
the men were flung below , three grappling hooks affixed to the black nylon rope around unk_NNS edge .
unk_VBN hooks all found purchase .
unk_NN decided to shift his position and moved to the row of warehouse windows until he placed more symmetrically and see down the entire length of the ship .
he set his rifle rifle down , careful not to jar the weapon and resumed peering through the scope .
there , at the farthest end of the ship was a stern right there , taking cover under the unk_JJ lip of the edge of the boats deck .
unk_UH calculated the distance and added an additional forty yards and adjusted accordingly , then waited for the mans head to pop back up .
unk_UH took his shot and the mans head dissolved into a bloody spray of fragments .
the deck was empty now , although it was still ugly , fighting the ship .
not his problem .
the squad commander gave a unk_JJ signal , and the commandos were swiftly moving up to the ropes of the ship above .
sure enough , one of the glass hatches on the side opened and the gun barrel poked out .
the first commandos were only a few feet from the edge , so he had only before the second theyd been exposed to the gunman .
unk_NN fired and the assault rifle tumbled harmlessly onto the deck below , taking three mans quarters , unk_VBD an arm around it .
that would give the rest something to think about .
there on out , it was a textbook unk_NN .
they had to use explosives to blow the doors open and for fifteen minutes hull bursts of gunfire echoed through the boats .
eventually , the commander got all a clear call from inside men and report status .
theyd taken six hostiles out with no survivors and lost nine men in the process .
unk_NN listened to unk_NN impassively , his face betraying nothing .
the commander glanced at him as he heard a casualty assessment , but unk_NN was busy packing up his gear , his night work finished .
the commander approached him and stopped a few feet away , studying the silent sniper as he finished stowing his weapon in a long padded case .
great shooting .
you saved a lot of lives tonight , the commander said .
instead , he nodded and stood , shouldering the rifle case and unk_VBG his bag .
thank you , sir .
i had some lucky shots tonight .
we are all fortunate .
nothing there more to say , he saluted with his free hand before descending the stairs to join the remainder of his team .
it was a long stretch of duty , bodies recovered and unk_VBD drugs , and he wanted to get out of sight of the commanders his contempt as the man leaked into his veneer .
it was n't worth it .
most of the world is composed of commander idiots , simply one many dolt , and nothing , unk_NN said or change things .
it was that night in his first live operation , he realized hed probably already learned everything he was going to be military .
time had already come a little after a year in service to reconsider his options .
to make matters worse , he witnessed countless acts of bumbling bureaucracy at the ranking officers , men are costing their command casualties for no good reason .
although he had different ideas about how he would service them .
he was now shy of three months since his nineteenth birthday and free to do as he pleased .
yet there was some unfinished business he needed to attend to sinaloa back before he moved on to the next phase of his life .
hed learned to trust his judgment on these things , so he hopped off the bus and began a long trip to veracruz in culiacan .
wearing a special forces commando , he afforded the privilege of company in the bus , so thankfully it had cost him almost nothing to cross the nation .
two days after hed left his naval career behind , he descended the stairs to culiacan , blinking in the bright sunlight of the early spring day .
there was forty-two cramped hours of buses , eating whatever junk he could get irregular stops , his first order of business to have a decent meal .
he set off in search of the restaurant , his back a day favorite .
terminal , he hailed a cab , reciting an address from the driver 's memory as he slid into the back seat .
the young man changed to the town hed last as had the city itself growing in leaps and bounds .
the boy left and returned to the man .
a taxi arrived at the restaurant , unk_FW la unk_NN nestled on the banks of canal unk_NNS .
the young man paid the driver and stepped out onto the pavement , unk_VBG his duffle as he studied the faade of the restaurant .
it was tuesday , so the business was thin after breakfast , had n't had the weekend case with it .
the place typically had a unk_NN crowd on saturdays and sundays , due to generous portions of mouthwatering food and the soothing ambiance of the waterside .
he had been there a few times on emilio on special occasions , and it was one of the things on his mind since boarding the bus in veracruz .
in this sleepy area , things seemed to always remain the same even as the city grew at an unprecedented rate .
the waitress arrived with a heaping platter of breakfast and as he tucked in he ran down his mental list .
first thing he would need to do with secure reliable transportation .
taxis were n't going to be an option for what he had in mind , so hed need to get some sort of unk_NN sooner rather than later .
his unk_NN was as thin as it was , that meant stealing something , or probably several somethings , depending on how far he decided to travel .
he munched on his food , savoring the rich , spicy sauce , and cleaned his plate as efficiently as unk_NN would .
he paid the bill and strolled out onto the rural road , stuffed the surroundings scanning something he could liberate unk_RB .
in seconds he was in the cab scanning the surrounding street to ensure he had n't detected .
it took him ten seconds to find the wires in the ignition , and soon he was meandering down the familiar road that led don to miguels estate .
the landscape was still verdant and wild , introduced by nature , seemingly impatient to encroach upon a slim man in progress .
when he was about a quarter mile from the ranch turnoff , he pulled an old truck into the dirt track that led to the wilds and parked where it had n't seen the road .
it was cool in february , so he barely broke into sweat as he moved effortlessly through the foliage .
he paused momentarily , ears straining for any hint of habitation , but he detected nothing .
the main house was deserted , none of the security men everywhere when hed been living there .
no matter , he did n't come to anything in the house .
he wanted to see his mentor , emilio , and of course his daughter .
the young man continued around the perimeter and track until he reached the caretakers house that reposed several hundred yards into the woods .
he knew that it was the trail hed only yesterday placed flagstone loosely that served in the driveway all too familiar with his feet .
surprisingly , he felt the buzz of anxiety in the pit of his stomach as he neared the front door with an altogether alien sensation to him .
pausing at the front porch , he registered that there was something different home from the last time hed seen it almost two years ago .
it seemed quiet as though nobody was living there much on the main estate , appeared in the distance .
there it sat unchanged , next to the small unk_NN emilio chevy emilio bought his bonuses for don miguel .
he moved back to the porch and knocked again .
the door was open .
its unk_NN back , he yelled .
inside he heard a faint rustling , and then jasmines distinctive voice .
go away .
you are nothing here .
the door was open .
i need to talk to your father .
its important , he tried again .
hes dead .
everyones dead .
miguel , my father , his sister and his mother .
theres me only left now , and i do n't want to see you .
just leave .
now go and stay away , jasmine warned .
how is that possible ?
whats happened since i left ?
tell me , jasmine .
just open the door .
i do n't want to have this conversation on a slab of wood .
i just travelled a thousand miles to see jasmine , unk_UH .
im begging you .
i need to see you .
no , you do n't .
you left the word for anyone and now come to death in the valley , and its only me left alive and you .
do yourself a favor and leave now while you can , jasmine implored him .
if you do n't open the door , break in .
you know i can find a way .
please , jasmine .
this has gone long enough .
open the damned door , so we can speak to the adults .
i need to know what unk_CC i need your help , he finished , hoping that something would stir her .
he could understand that she did not want to see him , but there were too many unanswered questions for him to take no for an answer .
the seemingly eternal pause rattled the lock and the door creaked open .
it was dark in the small living room , pulled by all the drapes ; he saw as jasmine padded bare feet back in the chair in front of the television and sat .
she was wearing a nightgown even though it was close to noon .
it was so dim that he could hardly make her out .
we can turn on the light or open the window .
i did n't see my own hand in front of me .
unk_JJ , it was this comfortable .
this is my house now , so i keep the way i like .
leave if you have a problem with it , jasmine advised in a monotone .
what the hell is going on here ?
even after two years , people did n't change that much .
what happened ?
no problem .
you want it to be dark , i like it in the dark .
we start over .
tell me what happened to your father , emilio .
start beginning .
i have n't had any news since i left .
i see you have a uniform .
is that what happened to you ?
you ran away and joined the navy .
thats classic .
total clich , she exclaimed with a bitter laugh .
its a little more complicated than that .
but tell me about your father .
when you left , you got out just in time .
someone had executed miguel as well as one of his lieutenants either that same day or day after .
i do n't really remember now so much happened so quickly .
anyway , nobody knew what to do and it was chaos here .
but the word traveled fast because before don miguel 's ground , his rivals where fighting over how his empire divided up .
it quickly escalated as the usual blood feud and soon culiacans streets littered the dead , jasmine explained .
the drug lord disappeared into the chaos that followed , no one cared much what happened to the boy .
and your father ?
one night several trucks showed up at the house and we heard gunfire .
he executed the few remaining staff in unk_NN , then he came to us .
my father had several guns and he tried to defend us and even killed three of altamars henchmen , but the end of it was nothing .
there were too many of them , and they shot him to death out in front of unk_NN like a dog .
unk_PRP was n't even business .
he just ran the horses and you raised her voice trailed off .
jasmine , im so sorry .
ii do n't know what to say , nothing to say .
after killing him , they broke down the door dragged my grandmother and auntie outside and shot them in the head .
good god .
unk_VB god , you escaped , but i ca n't do n't see you .
i tried to shoot them , but i was shaking too much and missed my first shot .
so then they came out of meand unk_NN history , she said flatly .
what happened to jasmine ?
can you tell me ?
he did n't know how to react to a horrible story and was afraid to hear the rest , but he could n't help himself .
what happened ?
what happened ?
nobody is here to protect me from you gone and my family killed .
they took turns raping me , what happened over and over half the night ?
i passed out and when i came to they was raping me more .
it went on for hours .
i know nothing i say , or make anything better .
but find these men and punish them for what they did to you .
pay , added interest .
just go .
i do n't want your help .
my life was over before it had a chance to really begin .
its not your fault , but i do n't want to see you ever again .
you remind me , unk_RB , i had hope for jasmine to listen to me .
theres still hope .
i know what happened to horrible and you stay forever , but theres always hope .
make this right , or at least avenge your family , and you , the young man promised .
no , you wo n't .
and no hope , no .
trust me .
