once he was worn , trendy italian leather shoes and jeans in paris had cost three hundred euros .
today was sami feet bare and bleeding .
he wore tattered cotton pants on the stained floor of his cell and a simple white t-shirt .
the shirt hung loosely over his frame muscles , wasted away for the days of doing nothing but praying for his cell instead of working out the elite gym club .
even so , he still towered over the two guards at his side , tall and broad-shouldered .
a collective gasp rise up from the myriad of dark eyes staring at him from the park and sami thought , probably people gathered here today barely recognized him .
sami do n't mind .
the old sami was gone and he was a different person now .
a new sami did n't mind standing barefoot in the dirty white sans ray-bans and beautiful women on his every move .
for a few minutes he was dressed in pure white screaming name , one that made him able to sing in the first place .
" c'mon !
i 'm sorry . "
the young sweaty guard had a death grip on a sami arm named hourmazd .
" they are waiting , " hourmazd said reluctantly .
" you have to come now . "
the sami felt his feet like a slap in the hot soiled square in slow motion .
next to the chipped concrete chopping block , the executioner waited in a crisp black uniform and aviator ray-bans gripping the saudi arabian scimitar .
the attention of a few steps behind , the two doctors white coats stood watching throughout the proceedings .
one of them held dove into a gray tarp , folded neat and square like this to be to wrap a sami body .
prison it explained to him that beheading his body and head were carried off by the doctors , then reattach two items and bury sami in full accordance with an islamic burial laws .
none of the sami family had any intentions of burying their wayward relative christian manner .
for a moment whether his dead body was laid on the ground facing mecca , or not the last thing was a sami mind .
standing at the executioner 's block , sami eyes blazed , gathered around the crowd one last time , not surprised to see neither his mother nor his father here to witness the gory sight .
several feet one of the policemen were opaque shields , a pale face peeped out from a nondescript black chador veil .
she came .
sami heart surged through him , and he stared at her , taking the last beauty he could ever see in this place called earth .
he met her weeping eyes calmly , intensely begging her to not cry and give herself away .
i see you again , my sister .
and then , time for scanning the solemn crowd up hourmazd and the other guard was forced to sami his knees .
hot fingers grabbed his temple like a vise twisting his head to one side , plastering one cheek from the icy concrete .
a filmy coating of dust and pebbles settled on the block , and the sami hand instinctively jerked forward with a swipe of the scratchy debris on his cheek , then pulled up short , biting metal cuffs .
urgent hands still held him down kneeling and sami realized he was facing the crowd , saw ava looking up from heaven .
i married you .
the sami swallowed and his adam apple grazed the abrasive stone .
we must have gone away from germany or canada together .
we had six or seven little iranian babies who had grown up hearing about jesus every day and playing with whatever kind of music they wanted for him .
you end up wide-hipped and disheveled all those children , and i get bald and wrinkly .
but we sit together by the fireplace every night , our children singing a guitar and loving each other .
a ream black cloth descended from the front of the sami vision and cinched a hard knot in his skull .
the blindfold pressed his lashes tightly across his cheeks , leaving him blind , his heart echoing slowly in the darkness .
the pressure hands over his head and back disappeared , and an unearthly hush descended into the park .
the charges for him read out a loud list of things sami never imagine becoming .
the worship of satan mullah began to pray loudly , arabic and sami waited for his temple on the icy block .
in the prison , he warned if he moved the blade miss and he would n't be killed first fall on scimitar .
a dove cooed overhead .
heart pounding in his chest , sami waited in the darkness , knowing just a minute more that he could see light .
1 karate had gone bad , she laid the guitar case on the smooth tree stump pines and cried , knowing only the trees could hear .
a few tears later she stopped scrubbing her face , her soft tiered skirt , never one prolonged weeping .
she let her eyes run in a battered case , balanced on an ancient stump , offering , then carefully opened with dented clasps .
honey-colored taylor guitar was still nestled with emerald velvet .
this was noah guitar .
wara sniffed loudly and smiled , remembered him , grinning at a stool at the front of the caf , playing with this guitar and singing his heart out .
she cradled taylor in her lap and began to pick her way over a few chords .
it was three months and it was still hurt .
his arm was around wara when the bus went into a ravine , but she was thrown out the window for safety .
noah had n't made it .
then she was here in montana , living in her parents ranch in her childhood home .
a life of missionary bolivia over dreams , the smashed pieces of the shattered glass of the bus where noah had died .
a new chapter was about to begin and honestly wara really did n't think she was ready .
staying here on the bench was a little sheltering circle around the trees ranch , sounding better and better all the time .
a sharp crack sounded like foliage .
the wara tensed and huddled in a comforting familiarity with a guitar totally aware that her reaction would sound like overkill .
this is the ranch after all .
squirrels and birds live in the trees , surrounded by her and yellowed leaves , constantly crunching their way to the ground , now fall in full swing .
but the bus accident was bolivia she was kidnapped and nearly killed by the muslim group bombed by her bus .
so the unexpected sounds made her a little nervous .
that 's ok , is n't it ?
" holy cow ! "
she shrieked without meaning , nearly dropping the guitar on her toes .
because all of the sudden defying her expectations , the little noise would end up with a stray squirrel scuttling around in the trees a solid male figure emerged from the shadows .
she fizzled the adrenaline vision full of a broad-shouldered man 's skin color mocha latte wearing a black shirt and brown corduroys .
" holy cow ! "
she gasped again , less fear and more irritation lacing her voice now .
the intruder was now in the shadows , holding up two tan hands , a gesture that meant to calm her down .
the dark curls hung from his collar , gone , but those clear hazel eyes were unmistakable .
all seven martir children had them .
" wara .
it was me , " he said , only adding more fuel to a storm of adrenaline and annoyance lashing her insides .
a martir .
over here .
her house was in montana .
the ex-leader prism group tried to kill her .
he was a bomb killed in noah bus .
and then he left everything behind , save wara .
" are you you scared to beejeebers me ? "
she managed , feeling herself in a scowl .
she never imagined she could see him here .
sure , bolivia , they had both recruited a man named rupert 's work , an organization called ci .
wara had known she could see alejo again the next week when they set off an exploratory trip to make their final decision about working on the ci future .
but for goodness sake , she was supposed to have a weekend still to deal with this before seeing alejo again .
" what are you doing here ? "
she demanded .
yes , this was a friendly midwest , but wara recognized not the tiniest hint of welcome in her voice .
now she was just plain irate .
and scared .
some spark of alejo hazel eyes faded .
" last week we said we 'd meet up on the trip since we both headed the same way .
and bolivia , i said , i will find you .
and here are you ?
montana . "
because the alejo asked her to forgive him , they talked on the phone for a few minutes every couple of weeks of bolivia .
it gave the opportunity to say something of a decent brother , her best friend , nazaret , instead of simmering anger and resentment into him for what he had done .
" see you soon then , " alejo said her cell a week ago .
" i-i sorry " wara exhaled slowly and closed her eyes .
they opened to alejo crossing the space between them tentatively then offering a hand in greeting .
they cheek-smooched mechanically bolivian-style and alejo cautiously took a seat on the other extreme bench .
he looked younger than his hair with a shaved face , smoothed by many tortured lines that marked it three months earlier .
the light in his eye flickered begging wara to let it come back to life as she promised him for forgiveness for what he had done .
she let the light live or blow it back out .
her heart hurt as she crossed her arms around her gray henley top and tried a hint of a smile .
" i 'm really sorry .
i just really was n't expecting you . "
" i know " alejo lips twisted into a smile .
" i just thought i 'd drop by so we could take a trip to morocco together .
i will carry your stuff .
and i , uh , thought i see where you live , maybe meet your parents . "
wara fought polite words , all the while nearly swallowing her tongue .
" meet my parents . "
she blinked hard at the memory of the alejo first connecting her face with sudden gravity as she spun into the dirt and collapsed .
a alejo pressing hunting knife in her throat and dragging her through the forest .
this guy was a killer .
and her best friend nazaret brother .
and insanely her possible future co-worker .
a little panicked , her gaze flitted over her little sanctuary from the trees to the cedar bench there as long as she could remember .
beyond house , she had always known her childhood bedroom in the living room where she had ripped open presents for christmas and drank coffee in a good novel .
" ok , " she blurted .
" my parents are n't here now , though .
they both still work . "
" fine . "
the alejo leaned back on the bench , seemingly content just taking shades of changing autumn leaves .
wara suddenly felt smothered , faced with the prospect of the next several days of his company .
what in the world are they supposed to talk about ?
she eyed him sideways , but he just sat there , that zen-like tranquility was meditating in nature .
it was making her crazy .
" i 'm taking karate .
your instructions , " she informed him , just break silence .
alejo eyes lit up in surprise and he tore his gaze over the nearly-naked trees .
" good .
i hope you never have to get a fight , but i feel better knowing you 've been learning some tricks to keep up your sleeve . "
alejo raised one eyebrow and grinned dangerously as he eyed the wara long plaid skirt .
" think you can show me some of what you have learned .
that ! "
" why not ? "
wara frowned .
" right now .
like to fight you .
are you serious ? "
" sure .
i 've got to see if you 're slacking . "
his tone was softened and wara suspected he did n't really think she had learned anything , but only assigned her to learn martial arts to keep her mind unpleasant in the past .
" besides , " the alejo tone was quiet yet challenging .
" i do n't think you can turn down a chance to give me a few good kicks . "
suddenly he was on the bench and a few feet away , feet planted firmly on the ground .
" c'mon , do n't be nice . "
arching an eyebrow , said she really did n't plan to wara slowly stood up , pulling the rubber band over her wrist to twist her hair into a rough ponytail .
three months since she left the bolivia , her dark hair was growing long and straight looking a little more polished than an uneven cut she sported before .
" now " alejo grinning solemnly , " i do n't want too mean to you either since this is our first fight .
so today i was just going to use beginner skills .
just show me what you got . "
that alejo sidestepped around her back so fast that she barely had time to register ; he was going to try to grab her behind .
not ready .
wara eyes widened as she racked her mind , what was she supposed to do in this situation ?
she was going to be classes every stinking day after all .
even if alejo told her to do karate , make her feel better it worked .
whacking and kicking , things ended up in a very entertaining way to spend the last there for months .
the correct kick flashed through her mind as she was already beginning to execute it by instinct .
she managed to twist away alejo just in time , feeling the thickness of his arms brush against her cheek .
ha ha !
apparently all hours , the practice was paying off .
but now alejo coming to her again , ready to take a swing over her head .
moving easily wara ducked left just in time , then rolled to the ground and shot a strong kick upward , barely missing from the alejo belly .
it appeared that her muscles were really stronger than all those hours spent in okinawa karate studio .
" man ! "
he eyed her something she could almost call appreciation .
" you are fast .
you can hold me off while those lightning kicks .
unfortunately , because i 'm bigger , i 'll do this . "
before she even knew how it happened , he hauled her to her feet and had her near-by tree .
there was no way she could escape his weight and his steely grip on her elbows tightened painfully if she even attempted to move .
" no , no . "
she shrieked , feeling the rage of losing and the powerlessness of not being able to do a thing for it .
blame it on only a child , but wara hated losing .
" get me ! "
she grunted and flung her head backwards , just where she imagined the alejo eye socket might be .
she actually saw a few white stars , her skull connected to his face , but the satisfaction of hearing him swear under his breath , more worth it .
but that was her last move .
hold on her elbows , tightened even more and alejo pressed her farther into the tree , his cheek plastered to hers .
" ok , you win , " she pronounced speaking carefully , her lips only centimeters from the tree bark .
" you did really well though . "
the hiss of the alejo breath in her ear was quite annoying .
" i 'll show you how to do this hold i got your arms in .
someday i hope you might be able to kick my rear fight well at least if i have a flu . "
wara glared , hoping he could see her scowl on the side as he pulled away from her and released death from the hold of her arms .
a sharp crack sounded across the clearing .
wara gaze jerked upward , a flurry of dust and bark rained down on her head like a dull whap object , slamming into a tree behind her .
" down ! "
alejo growled at her ear .
her knees buckled as his weight slammed against her and they crashed to the ground .
her first thought was that it was a bullet .
someone was shooting at us .
the alejo remained on top of her and she flipped her head toward the source of the sound of more than a little frantic .
surreally alejo whipped out a gun and a position to shoot anything that came from sight of the trees .
but instead , another bullet in a low voice cut across the clearing .
" get away from her , or you are a dead man .
next time i wo n't miss . "
wara mind fuzzed over unbelieving .
this is not happening .
a alejo forearm tensed , a gun , a lanky man in a denim jacket that appeared to be a half-sheltered golden oak tree .
his eyes narrowed and he was trained , unwavering on the shotgun , exactly like a alejo head .
" do n't shoot ! "
wara screamed a man holding a gun .
" it 's ok .
do n't shoot ! "
she elbowed alejo roughly face sizzling with chagrin .
" get off ! "
she gasped .
" i ca n't breathe .
he did n't shoot us , it was just my dad . "
rachel moschell met and married her husband , eduardo , cochabamba bolivia .
they have three adorable children and currently live in a beautiful cochabamba .
rachelmoschell @ hotmail.com , im not crazy .
now i hate one over-drama , but when i say all the hell broke loose , im talking about fire and brimstone kinda hell .
some quick background , the first point of the photo , my friend isaac has taken the picture we have been climbing for nearly twelve hours , and is now roughly at 1500 feet from the valley floor .
we started up the steep snow face well before dawn and the day break through the skies looked clear and the winds of the light .
it was a really beautiful day .
mid-morning had all changed .
the skies clouded over and it brought the winds plummeting into temperatures and light snow .
no biggie , right ?
you say most of the mountaineers few flurries normally do n't increase the pucker factor .
i did n't go to definition pucker factor but trust me to a high pucker factor , really not good .
as it was , we were looking low pf so i really was n't too worried , but i could keep a watchful eye on deteriorating conditions .
shortly after that photo , all hell broke loose .
the skies became angry and violent .
the temperatures hovered over the zero , and the light snow opened up in a full blown blizzard .
as the snows accumulated across the upper reaches of the mountain , huge pockets of that light , the fluffy white stuff break loose and race down to the cliff form of spindrift avalanches .
aside from obvious ( death ) spindrift avalanches really suck because all too frequently , they pour off the upper face of you and back to your neck .
has anyone every dropped ice cube on your back ?
well , that was a welcome relief on the pile of snow .
fortunately due to my superior intellect , i was able to recognize the repetitive event after only caught them five times .
before sixth dowsing snow , i pulled my hood over my head .
i know i know a pure genius .
isaacs and my plan , the climb was simple .
we planned to traverse the cliff over a hundred feet more ( at that point photo ) , then climb to the upper rock face of the diamond fifty feet or so then climb the steep snow slope above .
once we reached that snow slope it was easy ( but dangerous ) was climbing to the summit .
no problemo , right ?
or so we thought .
i have to admit .
by the time we were making that traverse , the diamond i was tired .
i had n't worked on my conditioning as well as i had been prior to climb and higher elevations , really wearing me out .
to make matters worse , i could n't bring enough food or water , so my energy reserves were pretty low .
to my relief isaac was led to traverse while i hung back and paid out the rope .
it felt good to hang off the cliff with a bunch of tiny slings instead of making that dangerous to traverse out the sharp end of the rope as its called climbing .
i hung a large block that sheltered me from spindrift avalanches above while i watched isaac pick his way out of the cliff .
a little little , he alternated his hands and feet as he moved sideways , relying on the hand and footholds at the hold on him like a steep cliff .
hanging there , the cold winds howled .
i feel the energy draining out of my body for a minute .
i shivered uncontrollably now and shook out each hand to knock some warmth back into them .
time seemed to move so slowly as i watched isaac cross that to traverse .
every so often isaac placed a piece of climbing gear on the rocks and threaded the rope around it .
if he fell hed only drop the length of climbing gear instead of 1500 feet below .
halfway to traverse , isaac stopped .
he was now point called notch couloir .
notch couloir a wide break from the cliff , ran nearly to the top of the mountain .
it was far less steep , and if viewing it in the distance , it was even considered mini-valley carved from the top of the cliff .
i watched isaac stand as a statue far out in front of me .
he did n't move .
he did n't look up .
he did n't look around .
he just stared straight ahead .
come on , sally .
grow some balls and move .
im freakin freezen here , i remember thinking myself as i watched him stand idly by .
just then the world went white to me .
an enormous spindrift avalanche careened off the cliff face behind me and completely blocked my view of isaac .
holy mackeral , i yelled out , only i did n't say mackerel .
no sir , that lot of snow was enough to fill up a couple of very large houses .
i felt the rope go taut and pulled hard to take up the slack .
i was scared .
i feel a sickening feeling in the pit of my stomach as i envisioned isaac swept over the cliff avalanche .
a moment later , as the last of the snowy dust floated on by , i could see him .
there was isaac still standing where i saw him last .
the rope was only gone taut due to the weight of the snow as it rushed toward it .
isaac is not swept away .
dude , did you see that ?
i yelled out like isaac , but he never heard me .
i saw isaac look up a notch couloir , then shuffle quickly across .
facing the mountain , he moved his right foot to his right , then moved his left foot over to match it .
over and over isaac repeated the sequence , shuffling the cliff as he continued to stare up at the top .
as he moved , i paid out the rope , holding him in case he lost his footing and slipped off the edge of the cliff .
i was his lifeline , but i had no idea if i could hold his weight in the event of the fall .
watching him cross , i looked down the full length of 1500 foot on the cliff .
we were high .
due to the deteriorating conditions we needed to move faster and place less gear than a route for protection from the fall .
i had n't really thought about it before , but having time to analyze the scene , i now realized that the fall of that cliff would almost certainly rip me into my stance .
i felt damned scared but buried my fears and concentrated on my job .
moments later , isaac made it to the other side of the snowy slope .
suddenly i heard a loud whooosh .
isaac is gone again .
i pulled hard on the rope and locked off my belaying device .
then i saw it falling into the snow .
mother all spindrift avalanches , creating a white cloud of snow , rushed down the snowy face and onto the cliff .
oh crap !
i remember saying my mind , but again i do n't say crap .
i braced myself again with a tug , i figured isaac .
seconds later , the rope went slack .
the snow was clear out that there was isaac still clinging to the rocks on the other side of the snow slope and he was grinning from ear to ear .
duuude you see that ?
isaac yelled over the cliff , face me .
the rush of beating the tempest had his adrenaline pumping .
i could see he was scared yet invigorated .
ok man youre up next , he yelled out to me .
a sick feeling swept over me .
it was indeed my turn to run through the gauntlet .
i looked at me in a futile attempt to avoid the inevitable , but finally isaac yelled back over to me again .
duuude you got to hurry .
lets go , he yelled out at me with a deep impatience in his voice .
quickly i dismantled the anchors holding me a mountain and started my way between the rock and snowy cliff .
hand in hand , i reached anything i could grab each time double checking that isaac was taking up the slack .
the rocky face was cold and now had a light dusting of snow from it .
my thin polypropylene gloves were great when temps the forties , but now temps hovering around zero rendering gloves almost useless .
my fingers were so cold that they were cramping as i reached my next handhold .
i had now become increasingly worried that i was n't going to be able to hold on much longer .
my survival instincts kicked in and i dug deep .
throwing caution to the wind , i decided to make a risky moves over the cliff face , hoping my hands would n't fail before reaching the snowy slope a notch couloir .
i moved quickly and deliberately but awkward lunges continually held me off balance .
my heart was pumping and i could feel the anxiety of the building as i closed the distance on the snowy slope to my right .
a minute later , as my hands were giving out , i made my final step down the snow slope where i fell forward and rested .
good job dude now cross couloir i heard isaac yell at me as i lay and rested .
as if in dream state , i heard him yell at me and you got time in avalanches .
i yelled out in disbelief .
up to that moment , i had n't realized the amount of snow was falling .
some point out from that cliff , the snow increased with an intensity heavy to be savage .
the snowflakes were large and accumulating at a rate of nearly two feet per hour .
that much like the unstable snow , us spindrift avalanches now rolling down a notch couloir every fifteen seconds .
crossing 50 feet wide , couloir take all that for fifteen seconds if you moved fast .
if you do n't result disastrous .
that much snow could easily sweep you off and the cliff .
perfect , i remember saying myself .
no sooner than i wisecracked , i watched the wall of snow barreling down at me as it roared through the snow slopes of the narrow valley above .
quickly i dug my hands and feet into the snow and hung on .
i watched only for a moment , then just before impact , i buried my head down on my shoulders and braced myself with a terrifying wave of snow .
the first snow flowed through me like a gentle stream of water , but that did n't last long .
a split second later , i felt a full force on the wall as the snow raged on top of me .
it taunted me , laughed at me , mocked my insignificant strength as it pushed and dragged me to lower my dug-in position .
i could feel my hands and feet ripped from their anchors and i focused all my energy between them , trying to embed them further into the hard packed snow .
as i began to slide , i felt the unmistakable tug of the rope around my climbers harness , yanking me sideways , isaac fought to keep a malevolent force from dragging me off the cliff .
nooo , i remember screaming in my mind , my feet broke free of the solid land and floated into space .
i was going to the cliff at the edge of the cliff edge perched at 1500 feet in the world .
this is really going to suck .
suddenly , all went quiet .
as quickly as the avalanche came , it went .
i immediately crawled higher and leapt to my feet .
i gave a cursory glance at the cliff edge just inches from me , then over to isaac .
he was smiling duuuude you were almost an cratered man .
he yelled at me .
then he added , lets go now .
i knew i had only seconds before the next wave of snow came .
isaac pulled a hard rope , snapping me into my foggy state and i started off the open snow down the slope .
the snow was deep now , almost to my knees and i dug deep into my reserves , plow into a heavy mess .
forty feet thirty feet from twenty feet , i powered down the slope like a steaming locomotive , focusing only on a onmy destination .
i saw isaac look upward and i knew the disaster was on its way .
harder and more determined , i plowed the last feet down the steps .
twenty feet , ten feet , then i heard the roar of a wave above .
i looked up and saw the next wall , snow roiling as it charged down the snow slope .
suddenly i felt a hard jerk of my jacket only that it was n't above it sideways .
isaac reached out , grabbed my jacket and hauled me to safety .
i looked back and watched my deep footprints vanish from the moments blink of the heavy wall of snow that had obliterated any signs of my existence .
dude , man , you are almost a statistic pretty cool , huh ?
isaac yelled at me with a roar like an avalanche .
yeah , cool , i replied grimly .
isaac set up a bomber anchor system , and for a moment i felt fairly secure .
i looked over at isaac and he was now looking at the rock wall behind us .
ok , man , we got to climb up on this rocky face , then step into the corner of the diamond .
thats where it gets a little sketchy .
well do that short pitch rock , then step off that and snow down the slope above .
sound ok ?
i remember isaac asking me .
i remember my mind saying , hell no , its not ok. im cold , tired , scared , and im pretty sure i need a new change of under-britches .
yup , i replied dryly through gritted teeth .
what are we thinking ?
the freakin diamond longs peak in the middle of the winter , what are we insane ?
whats the diamond you ask ?
only mother all rock faces in colorado .
its nearly 2000 feet from sheer and overhanging rock , only the best and most skilled climbers attempt to climb .
fortunately we were only planning on doing the very last fifty feet of it .
at least that plan .
that last section was supposed to be relatively easy for climbing , but now it was getting dark and the snows were really accumulating rocky surfaces , we were depending on handholds .
hold me , i want to check out the diamond isaac said to me .
i paid out the rope as he worked his way to the lower cliffs edge .
once there , he grabbed a rocky handhold and extended himself out from the 1500 foot to drop off .
he looked down for a moment , then his left survey the upper face we were about to climb .
he stared at it what felt like an eternity .
i shouted out the howling winds .
isaac pulled himself back into the land and worked his way back up to me .
no way , man , it aint happening .
that whole face is covered in snow , isaac said .
we got to find another way up .
any suggestions ?
yeah , sh # t , my pants , then use my ice axes to climb up the snowy mess in front of us , i suggested .
isaac looked up at the wall of snow rock and ice that stood between us and the upper snow slope twenty feet higher .
if we just get it to the summit only a few hundred feet more easy , the snow will be climbing .
isaac turned to me and said ok sh # tting your pants go for .
i done sh # tting you got me , i replied dryly .
i took out my ice axes , looped lanyards around my wrists and approached the mess in front of me .
those do n't know what ice axe is , it was a miniature pick of the axe .
did you swing to pick the ice and pull the handle to climb higher ?
its that simple .
i brushed the heavy snow rocks and searched for a handhold .
as i placed my hand on the nice blocky surface , it quickly slid off .
the ice thin layer of ice is now glazed with rocks surfaces .
it was no use .
using my hands alone , just were n't going to work .
undaunted , i decided to use to pick my ice axes try to climb higher .
i placed the front point of a tiny crack and pulled hard .
it was held .
i pulled the axe handle and moved higher as isaac paid out the rope .
this was a scary climbing pf ( pucker factor ) 8 .
ice axes used to thick ice where the front point of the axe sinks deep into the ice giving you a secure hold .
now my axes , the front points , only held a rock shear , gravity .
if i moved the wrong way they could easily just pop off a rock and id fall not good .
i moved up a few feet from the outer corner , where the blocky face above met the face of a diamond .
gingerly , i placed my axes on the glazed rocks and pulled hard , trying to get them to stick .
i then peered out the corner .
isaac is right .
that diamond was literally covered in snow .
i looked up at the corner ; i was now climbing .
a few feet higher , it appeared that the texture became more blocky and easier to climb .
the problem was that id have straddle the corner , one leg , blocky face and the other face of the diamond .
id been hanging literally at 1500 feet from the valley floor , only the tiny points of my axes .
got me .
i yelled , isaac winds .
isaac has seen fear in my eyes .
he smiled encouragingly and yelled , ok. my stomach churned as i looked down at the falling snow .
it was almost dark and i could barely see the large blocks of snow from the valley floor far below .
my hands sweated even while they froze at the axe handles .
i was scared , damned scared .
pf 10 , i reached up and scraped off some snow behind me , looking for good placement .
feeling around , i located a tiny crack and slipped the point of the axe into it .
as i weighted it , i moved my right foot out into the diamonds face .
half of my body is hanging out over at 1500 feet in the air , i am now straddling a hairy edge , my raging fear .
i do n't want to look down , i ca n't really .
something in my subconscious mind wo n't allow me to do it .
suddenly , the wild blast of arctic wind slammed my body , rocking me into my stance .
my feet skidded momentarily , then one popped into its placement .
quickly i found another foot hold , but then again another gust of wind slammed me knocking both feet loose .
in an instant i was now dangling from my ice axes at the 1500 foot of the cliff , swinging wildly in the wind .
fear roiled at me .
i lost my breath as i frantically searched my feat without any type of purchase .
fumbling freaking and fatiguing , i was running strength and running in time .
i needed a miracle .
another gust broadsided me .
my left axe wobbled and popped into its feeble placement .
oh my god !
i remember saying myself .
this is it .
this is how im going to die .
i felt a tug then another .
isaac had anticipated my fall , and now doing his best to reel what little slack rope he could find .
i felt my body lunge sideways at him .
he was nearly pulling me off the cliff .
as i flailed in the air , i made a desperate attempt to hook my axe into anything hold .
isaac tugged again and drew me around the corner .
i reached for the blocky face and i scrambled to my feet to find something to stand on below .
suddenly , my foot found something like nob tiny nob .
i stepped over it and immediately pushed hard , forcing me into the closing isaac .
for a moment it held then it did n't .
i sprung the cliff once more dangling again , wildly thrashing in the wind .
i could feel the veins in my neck pulsating with savage fear .
what felt like hours were mere seconds , but it was enough to drain me all mental and physical strength .
i could barely hold any longer .
isaac tugged hard .
i made another desperate lung with my free hand .
the axe caught the edge and stuck .
my feet found a stance .
for a moment , it was over .
i found a respite .
isaac somehow hauled me to the face of the diamond , pulled me out of the corner , and i was now standing a few feet above him , blocky to face above .
with breath of strength and my mind , i jump backward and dropped the snow slope next to isaac .
i collapsed into my tiny crater and rested .
duuude watch out the man like an avalanche .
isaac hollered out .
moving instinct alone , i rolled into my stomach and dug my frozen hands into the deep snow as i planted my boots on me .
i buried my face in the snow and waited .
a thick , violent wave rolled on top of me like isaac stood firmly and held me with a rope .
i fought hard to my position but no match for the forces of nature .
with very little strength left , i ripped my position and dragged the down-slope edge of the cliff .
abruptly my slide came to a stop as the snow fought to push me further .
i felt a wave of an avalanche dissipate and i looked up to investigate my predicament .
there , standing teeth clenched , stood isaac .
with his arms outstretched , he hauled back the rope and prevented my slide from the cliff .
you are just going to lay there lollygagging all night .
isaac shouted in the wind .
quickly , i jumped to my feet and plowed into the deep snow , ascending a short distance between us .
so what do you think ?
wan na give it another shot ?
isaac asked , grinning from ear to ear .
if i was n't so tired id kill you right now .
so what ?
now youre gon na be wuss-out when so close to the summit .
isaac teased .
yes , i replied bluntly .
good call , lets get the hell out of here , isaac responded in a grave tone .
at that point i was too tired to do anything but belay him back to the snow slope .
darkness had finally come , and the snows were raging now reducing visibility to near conditions .
isaac ascended to the higher slope and waited for the next avalanche to pass through .
even before the rush dissipated , he started off the other side .
i paid out the rope on the frozen finger as he plowed his way into the deep snow .
at forty feet , thirty feet isaac moved with determination .
he was nearly halfway to mark when i heard him scream in the wind .
hold me .
just then isaac caught an avalanche .
blizzards , intensity , heightened , dumping even greater amounts of snow into the upper regions of us .
the resultant snow created a spindrift avalanched with greater quantity and ferocity .
isaac jumped to the ground and burrowed in as quickly as he could , but it was too late .
a wave of snow rolled over him , knocking him backward and dragging him onto the mountain .
hold me , hold me .
i heard him scream out now , barely audible over twenty feet behind him .
i pulled hard and watched in desperation as he continued to slide to the edge of the cliff .
his slid isaac rolled into his stomach and pounded his hands and feet into the snow , desperately trying to anchor himself down the slope .
downward , he slipped twenty feet to fifteen feet , ten feet from the edge of the cliff .
his boots seemed to be mere feet from going over .
the wave slowed , so did the isaacs descent .
he jumped up and tried to swim higher up the slope .
seconds later , he jumped back down once more and buried his limbs in the snows of him .
i pulled hard on the rope , holding him inevitable .
a malevolent entity of snow raged at the top of him again , threatening him with his presence on the mountain .
isaac fought his life ; he began his downward slide toward the cliff .
fifteen feet , ten feet , five feet .
i watched in horror as his feet broke into a crust of snow defined by the cliffs edge .
isaacs feet were now dangling from the air .
a man swimming with mighty river rapids , isaac flailed his arms and nudged his knees higher .
then as quickly as the avalanche struck it was gone .
isaac leapt to his feet and lunged at the snows as he fought his way to the far side of the snow slope .
he was safe .
its a cake walk .
your turn dude .
isaac yelled to the other side .
gods nature smiled down at me .
i timed avalanches correctly and sprang like a snow-slope gazelle .
i remember a look of relief in isaacs eyes as i stepped over him , barely making it next to the avalanche series .
nice night walk , eh ?
he asked , lovely , i replied in a pleasant tone .
for the next five hours of isaac and i worked our way back to the mountain , then down the long and steep snow slope lead to the valley floor .
fortunately for us , the blizzard slowed quite a bit and spindrift avalanches of all but disappeared .
by the time we got back to our camp , it was midnight .
we were climbing almost 20 hours straight .
ive told this story before and usually receive the same reactions , head shakes and standard verbal remonstrations , why did you do that ?
are you freakin crazy ?
well , all i have to say , there is a crazy man who does n't dangled a solitary ice axe at 1500 feet above the ground , petrified beyond comprehension .
nope , a crazy man let go .
im not crazy .
ps years later , my friend isaac was tangled in another avalanche while climbing alone .
sadly , he never made it out alive .
thanks for reading .
if you enjoyed the short story above , please read the following sample chapters tear time ( tear as torn ) .
tear time christopher petersen copyright 2011 christopher petersen smashwords edition tt chapter 1 chattanooga tennessee park region , june 8th , 2005 , life and destiny stood one last moment , perfectly synced time .
never again the world would see the past as they remembered as one of the death would change the worlds destiny forever .
* * * - - - trae - williams leaned on one side as he sat on his mothers decrepit front porch and watched his sister play in their front yard .
lena williams , energetic eight-year-old , raced back and forth across the worn lawn as she chased the tiny moths , hidden themselves by the blades of the grass .
with each swipe of her hand , she expertly snatched the tiny white targets in midair , then released them from the back of the world safely .
oh yeah ?
trae you see that ?
lena asked proudly .
damn le , youre like a ninja or something , trae replied .
beaming with pride , lena replied , too bad for mom , do n't see my skills .
shes working on le .
shell be home for a couple of hours .
maybe you can show her , then answered .
moms always working , lena said disapprovingly , then added too bad we do n't have dad sharices next door .
then mom will stay home too .
le , do you have dad ?
he just did n't come around no more and sharices mom did n't work cause shes lazy trae replied as delicately as he knew how .
lena stopped running and sat down next to trae .
did you ever see your dad trae ?
lena asked sincerely .
not for a long time .
not since before he went to prison .
that was before you were born , replied .
oh , lena said simply .
you miss im .
he was n't around much even before he was sent up , answered .
well , i miss my dad , lena replied .
damn le , you have never even seen im before .
how did you even miss im ?
blurted out a quick reaction .
i just do traeim for sure he misses me too , lena replied .
the trae knew his sister was hurting her fathers rejection .
hoping to take her mind to her pain , he searched anything to distract her .
hey le check out those moths over to the street .
bet you do n't catch em all , trae said with a challenging smirk .
bet i can , lena replied laughing .
immediately lena sprang to her feet and darted to the edge of the road , both hands sweeping through the air as she lunged for more moths .
trae watched her for a moment then became distracted , the older buick faded paint slowly drifted to a stop sign , beginning their street .
as an unremarkable at first long length time spent a stop sign made an old sedan conspicuous by sight .
zanas focused more of his attention to the car .
something just was n't right .
he squinted hard as he tried to see the darkened tinted windows , but it was no use .
the occupants remained a mystery .
the trae began to feel uneasy .
the old buick literally parked to stop a sign of what now felt an eternity .
he glanced over at lena , then back to the suspicious car .
the knot in the pit of his stomach began to grow .
le come here for a minute , trae said in a nervous tone .
just a minute trae .
i almost caught em at all of the lena , replied an indifferent world to her .
trae saw the brakes release old buick then quickly stop again almost as if by accident .
he looked up the street to see if the vehicle was intended on pulling out but reconsidered due to another passing car .
strangely , there were no other vehicles in sight .
lena has come here , trae said .
hearing trae use her full name , lena stopped and stared at her brother for a moment .
she could see a peculiar look spread across his face as he turned back to the mysterious buick .
trae , whats the matter ?
lena asked innocently .
that was the cars there for a while .
maybe you should go to the house for a minute , trae replied now , feeling anxiety for a moment .
ahhh lena sounded out in protest .
i do n't want to go inside .
its just a car trae .
besides , i will take care of myself , lena stated proudly .
uh huh , sure , you just get to the house , trae responded bluntly .
just one more , m. lena began but cut a short revving buicks engine .
lena , get the damn house now .
shouted loudly .
suddenly aggressively , old buick released its brakes and stormed around the corner .
the tires squealing and smoke from the billowing car old sedan charged up the street between them .
oh , no trae , reid murmured himself , almost in with a sobbing tone .
little time to react trae sprang to his feet and hurried to his sister .
lena stood paralyzed in confusion .
she knew something was wrong , but too young and naive to fully understand traes actions .
watched by horror buicks dark tinted windows began to lower .
seconds after his worst fears , realized the occupants extended their guns out from the windows .
the deafening sound of their automatic weapons came to life .
as the bolts of white light streaked ends , gun barrels , trae lunged at lena , knocking her to the ground .
he instinctively rolled on top of her to protect her hail as the bullets tore over the ground behind them .
the faded buick roared past trae and lena lay motionless on the front lawn , their minds and bodies unable to react .
time seemed to slow the trae , almost count of bullets as they exited the guns .
one by one each bullet miraculously missed it , mark .
trae looked into his sisters eyes .
she was not hit .
suddenly he realized they were both alive and made it drive-by shooting .
quickly trae leapt to his feet , pulling lena up behind him .
the sight of the two was still alive , spread quickly by the driver of the car .
for an instant he slammed his brakes and brought an old buick to a quick halt .
throwing it into reverse , he immediately roared backward across the street , trae and lena .
seconds later , the driver slammed the brakes once more and brought the heavy vehicle to a quick stop .
rica grabbed lena by the waist and sprang to the edge of the road .
in stride of a gazelle he bounded across the front lawn with amazing speed and agility , his adrenaline pumping in full capacity .
the faded buick came to a stop , all of its doors flung open , and the four young men exited the vehicle quickly .
their guns were still drawn , they wasted no time in continuing their task .
leaped from the top step to his front porch and felt a sharp razor-like object strike to his left side .
before the first bullet would even register a second bullet that struck him on the right shoulder , rendering his arm useless .
instantly , lena dropped to the porch , trae collapsing behind her .
an eerie quiet spread around the neighborhood as the four thugs reloaded .
knowing this was their only hope of survival trae crawled through the front door and tried to wrap his fingers around the lower corner .
with his hand covered in blood , they slipped off the edge of the door .
le get the house stay low , trae ordered .
lena was scared and crying lay her brother unable to move .
lena will get moving now .
trae shouted .
im scared , lena whimpered .
block you .
go now , hurry up !
be assured confidently .
nodding reluctantly , lena quickly stood up and pulled the front door open as trae moved to shield her four men nearby .
instantly the roar of bullets unleashed a swath of destruction in front of the house , breaking the windows and knocking shingles from the siding .
as lena began to enter the house , another bullet entered the traes lower back , knocking him forward , the door closing it momentarily with a lenas body .
rica rolled to his side and dropped down the deck onto the porch once more .
lena cried out , fear and disbelief .
lena , get inside .
go now !
the trae said his voice was now barely audible .
no , i can help you , lena replied with determination .
before trae protest , lena reached down and grabbed him by his shirt .
she pulled all of her trae pushed to his feet .
suddenly lena exhaled abruptly and sounded like a guttural moan as the bullet struck her chest .
immediately she slumped to the ground , then rolled to the top of the trae .
both victims down the four thugs ran back to the waiting car and sped off .
once again , an eerie quiet swept over the neighborhood neighbors one one ventured out from the warzone .
further to the south signal mountain , dr. phineas stood on his wooden deck .
sadly , he checked his watch 10:30am .
after a moment of solemn respect , he uttered a few simple words to forgive me for lena .
your death will save thousands .
turning away , he stared out over the city and spoke .
the dominoes of destiny was now tumbling , godspeed , david .
t t chapter 2 chattanooga tennessee june 7 1862 8:30am tennessee river quietly flowed south and west as it made its way to the missionary ridge city chattanooga .
april , the rains were now month past and in a wild and raging torrent which threatened the breech swollen banks , now a gentle lazy river quietly meandered its way down the valley .
flowing placidly south in the city , the river touched the edge of civilization , then abruptly changed course and headed north past signal to the mountain .
several miles later , changing course once more , it looped the mountain and continued in its previous direction from the south , carrying it with tiny bits and fragments of industrialized city of hard work .
sitting patiently elevated by the boulder , the young boy hung over his makeshift fishing pole water in an attempt to catch his breakfast .
looking around the city , he could see the tall smoke stacks , emitted evidence of men toiling at work .
a light , gentle breeze blew across the valley high above the plains of grasses carrying it with a fragrance of fresh cut hay and wildflowers .
the breeze brushed his face , filling his tiny nostrils with the scent of nature and sending a warm contentment to his body as the sun shined down upon him .
he reveled in his independence as he envisioned the other boys suffering from school while he enjoyed his day truancy .
further up the river , leaving the city limits of the raft made hastily hewn logs , birch haphazardly strung together , cord and vine , creating an unstable yet functional mode of travel .
a dirty and bedraggled , two aged trappers floated downstream extending through the water with long poles made of pine saplings skillfully placed to navigate many bends in the river way to their next destination .
the city limits of the sharpest bend in the river was a small force confederates guarded by the main dock and prepared to unload the supplies .
in the morning sun , in the direction of the regimental captain men formed a human chain that led the boat to a horse-drawn wagons .
hand in hand , they passed the goods and the ammunition one soldier in the next sequence , until the final soldier was arranged and stacked supplies neatly in the back of the wagon .
at this hour of the day , the sun sat in the lower cloudless sky , warming temperatures to a comfortable seventy degrees .
if it was not their thankless duty , the task of soldiers normally enjoyed a balmy climate .
as it was , their heavy labor created torrents of salty sweat that streamed down their faces and soaked their cotton shirts and heavy into gray uniforms .
when the wagon was completely filled , the driver snapped the reins to the team of horses and started off their encampment , whereupon the next driver line took his place loading .
at the dock , a local merchant swept an elevated wooden walkway in front of his general store .
a small cloud of dust rose into the air as he briskly cleared away the caked mud , collected wide spacing with wooden boards that ran down length across the street .
at the rear entrance , the young man helped a load of heavy sacks and other supplies to the waiting wagon that delivered a local resident .
further , the boardwalk to the blacksmith and livery was hard to work attending the needs of the community as well as those confederate officers had entrusted their belongings to their care .
the main thoroughfare was secondary and tertiary roads , tiny houses dotted with roads leading into town .
this day began any other day , monotonous , and routine men , women and children alike were functioning on their singular importance while contributing to the whole of their society .
the unsuspecting and mostly indifferent , violent world through their borders , they went , their lives contented with their own daily struggles .
- - - ... ... - - opposite - on the opposite side of the river , hidden in a dense thicket and underbrush with several companies , the union sharpshooters lay in wait .
quietly and undetected , they moved to the rivers edge , sneaking in for the protection of the darkness .
perfectly concealed , they laid on their stomachs and waited for their signal .
they watched the anxious fascination with the confederates on the opposite side of the river that worked to unload their delivered supplies .
with their rifles aimed at their targets , they were whiled time by calculating the windage and elevation .
time seemed slow as they waited for their signal to death .
two hundred yards away , they were well aware of their ability to hit their mark .
spread out the shoulder shoulder , they presented a menacing sight .
wait , seemed to go on forever .
shifting their weight from side to side , they tried to alleviate their discomfort .
with their arms and legs fell asleep , they shook them out , recirculating blood , their extremities gaining feeling their hands and feet once again .
an unlucky few insects presented more than a distraction from the lack of feeling in their limbs .
with regularity , ants were returning to their nest to find their passage , blocked by a hulking mass of blue .
the investigation of the ants angrily attacked any bare skin , biting and pinching a futile attempt to drive the enemy .
their feeble assault was met by equal aggression as the soldier swatted and crushed his irritating attackers .
time was their enemy .
waiting quietly in the underbrush , each soldier pondered his own fate .
without any attempt to push the morbidity , their minds proved fruitless as they watched the enemy in their sights , reminding them again of the possibility of their own forthcoming violent death .
searching for solace , they turned their companions to the whispering inquiries between families and future.in return they received a warm reassurance from the sound of their comrades in a whisper that helped sooth their deep worry .
david sat a bite of cold as they crawled into the darkness of hunger pangs , lack of food and contemplation of death , union volunteers , 79th , pennsylvania , ready and determined to complete their task .
the foothills were away from the edge of the river union artillery , waited by their orders from gen. james negley .
high above his horse , barrel-chested and confident , he posed an impressive figure .
he sat pensively and observed the scene below .
lifting his spyglass from his eye , he continued to look at weakness and opportunity .
an authoritative voice he redirected the cannons down to a line of specific targets as he developed his impromptu battle plan .
as the union soldiers manned their stations in artillery , they looked out over the valley , the confederate soldiers drilling in formation in the open field on the far opposite side of the river .
several cannons were already directed at them , but with a quick nod of his head negley ordered additional cannon to support that location .
feeling somewhat detached from the confederates of an impending doom , they obeyed their orders and indifferently aimed deadly weapons at the center of the field .
standing by their designated cannon , each soldier mentally prepared himself for the battle .
from their elevated position and protected by the river , they all felt relatively safe , that was safer than their comrades below the river .
they had survived the previous years of battles and well , seasoned with their trade .
they knew there would be casualties , but felt relatively sure that the element of surprise battle was fairly one-sided .
they looked down as their comrades crept up to the river edge just before dawn .
a sense of sadness and anxiety come over to them , knowing they were out of harms way .
without any retaliation , the rebel forces will start with them .
well-hidden by the thickets the confederate soldiers have a tough time distinguishing the exact locations of each union soldier .
the confederates hear the sound of union rifles and fire in that direction .
most of the boys blue were lucky and escape from the wild and harried volleys of lead .
some would not .
the previous day , june 6th dr. jeb had prepared one supply of wagons at the makeshift operating table in preparation of an impending battle .
commissioned by the medical officer , the regular union army he held the rank of captain .
serving in the military for most of his life , he was no stranger to the horrors of warfare bring .
his battlefield experience was extensive served in mexican-american war , 1846-1848 , various indian campaigns , and now the war states .
dr. morgan was a short , stout , older man , sixty full head , white hair , long white flowing beard and piercing blue eyes .
dodged by mexican bullets and fought a hand to hand the indians he possessed the inner strength and courage , as well as intelligence , uncommon at most distinguishing himself from his skill with a firearm as well a scalpel .
having recognized his abilities , he offered lofty positions to the comfortable hospitals , his choosing yet rejected the honor , preferring instead to remain in the field , saving a greater number of lives much of his superiors with dismay .
the far union front line the doctor searched for a suitable location to operate .
protected by a grove of birch trees , he found a large flat area of lush green grass .
the principal surgeon brigade , it was his job to ensure that the site was far enough for action to allow undistracted work , yet close enough to the front lines of quick evacuation and treatment .
ordinarily dr. preferred protected by the confines of the houses and barns that had been commandeered for private citizens at the onset of battle .
the battle chattanooga started the location of the far removed civilization in order to preserve the element of surprise at the wooded clearing that would have to suffice .
the previous day , while gen. negley prepared for his battle plan , dr. morgan scoured the foothills of the signal mountain on horseback .
as he rode up the rolling terrain , the trees and vegetation became less dense , allowing him to catch glimpses of the city .
leveling off , he rode through the forest , the white birch weaving path through the denser areas until he found clearing.immediately he recognized the qualities to find .
he deduced that the small field would allow the bright light to operate by , and the trees of the clearings edge would provide comfortable with shade wounded as they recovered .
it was n't perfect , but he felt he worked worse conditions while fighting west .
this was certainly more tolerable , as long as long , as good as the weather held .
after locating the medical encampment , dr. morgan was quickly summoned to the wagon to be used to an operating gurney and prepared his instruments .
the canopy was removed ; he had neatly arranged his supplies to the right side of the length of wooden side-bracing .
with arms reach he placed his instruments in the first basin and the canteen of the water next , then cotton , batting and other bandages at last .
on the head of the wagon , he had arranged the necessary supplies assistant , such as chloroform bandages , and morphine powder form as well as opium analgesic .
in preparation surgeries in place , he rejoined the front lines , offering his assistance where he could , leaving the assistant watch at their makeshift hospital for his absence .
the following day on june day battle dr. woke from an early restful night sleep , one of the many cannons aimed at the city .
he offered the tent accommodation , but declined a special privilege of electing rough , it was a cannon instead of putting the others out .
selfless man , he figured the boys were fighting and dying at least granted a small pleasure in the comfort of the tent .
over the years of adapting to the rigors of warfare , he learned to sleep wherever he laid his head .
the dawn of a new morning created a cool dew soaked unprotected parts of his body , mainly between his legs and boots producing mild discomfort .
the 8:30am of his clothing dried out completely and he focused on his duties for the day .
filling up a hardtack hard flavorless cracker and some water , he administered various remedies , the soldiers reported a sick call while he ate .
thirteen men had been reporting to the various symptoms , only one deemed incapacitated.suffering of acute dysentery he was given a mixture of quinine and the dover powder and sent to the medical encampment of the recovery .
dr. morgan was a compassionate and sympathetic older man , but tough nonetheless .
his private philosophy was , " if you can walk , you 'll fight . "
his duties accomplished for a moment , negley ordered dr. morgan to his station with a reverent nod .
no words were exchanged .
they were both seasoned military men who understood each other implicitly .
with a respectful salute , the doctor turned and walked to the soldiers , readying themselves to their own stations .
he could now see the woeful anxiety in their faces as he made his way past , and he flashed them a courteous smile , trying to ease their worry .
- - -
his sword lifted into an exalted position , his head negley roared , the order commence firing .
loud and great authority , he repeated his simple command over and over as he rode up the line .
instantly , his men responded and lit the fuses of their cannons .
the violent demons of cannons came to life as they reported a thunderous roar , shaking the ground behind them .
the well-trained soldiers began their work .
groups of three one loaded powder and wadding one loaded shell , or a heavy ball and a third lit charge .
they were a machine , working in perfect sequence and timing to efficiently deliver the enemy to their deadly payload .
whistling the air shells and cannonballs picked up particulates dust and small flying insects as they arced across the valley chattanooga killing anything on their path before reaching their final destination .
the valley below became awake .
the loud cannon fire above signaled the sharpshooters below to unleash their own deadly volley of destruction .
in reflex , they pulled their triggers and sent tiny yet deadly pieces to lead their individual paths to doom as they quickly reloaded their weapons with practiced speed .
they had only a second to think .
startled by the jolt of town and the confederate soldiers both stood in place , their minds tried to quickly process disbelief to their forthcoming death .
unable to move , they heard a whistle from the air as projectiles hurled them .
with those on their backs , the volley waited and listened as the whistle grew quickly louder in a thunderous rush of air .
those facing volley watched in disbelief as they quickly trained their eyes in the direction of the sound watching the heavy ball and the tiny bullets disrupt the air in front of them just before impact .
fate and misfortune collided , so did shell and flesh .
the group of drilling the confederate soldiers at the first volley hit its mark with deadly accuracy .
with one unlucky private watched in horror , shell found its mark in the chest an unlucky companion marching in front of him .
shell tore his uniform into flesh and ribcage instantly killing him , even the shell of internal mechanisms sensed the pressure impact .
a great explosion , a canister fragmented by thousands of tiny projectiles completely disintegrating the whole soldiers of existence .
there would be no burial for him as there was not the remnant of the left of his body .
continuing their way through the fragments now exploded , shell found their next victim watching the soldier .
hot pieces of metal tore through his body ; it severed his extremities as well , buried in molten metal against his own chest .
deflected yet still deadly fragments found the other victims , all the location of the impact , sending blood torn between limbs and other shredded body parts of their fellow soldiers .
lucky few escaped the initial impact , the concussion from the shockwave of an explosion ruptured their eardrums , disorienting them and rendering them useless .
other shells exploded and stunned by the helpless soldiers , the same gory results affected by a devastating loss for the entire company .
the waterfront confederate soldiers , unloading supplies , met the same fate as their drilling comrades .
shells fell over them , exploding thousands of fragments and tearing their bodies , killing the closest impact , while maiming and impairing others further away from the epicenter .
cries of agony heard as they fell .
the union sharpshooters unleashed their hail , shot balls , lead sailed through the air like an awful shrill telegraphing of their intentions .
bullets found their mark tearing gray cloth violently , ripping through flesh and bone and creating large gaping wounds with germs and disease to enter the body unrestricted .
collapsing on the ground , many screamed out in agony clutching their bleeding wounds in a desperate attempt to relieve the pain of death that quickly overcame them .
the others lay in torment as a hypovolemic shock quickly enveloped their bodies at the loss of blood .
all the city was that first barrage of munitions had inflicted devastating damage .
not only the confederate encampment was targeted loading docks river telegraph offices , livery , stables , and blacksmith shops were also targeted .
anything used further to the confederates cause was targeted by the first volley of union fire .
seconds after the first discharge of union rifles and cannons , another round quickly sounded followed by a third and fourth volley .
the murderous fire seemed unrepulsed at first , but slowly the confederate soldiers were not wounded , and the others were not targeted , withdrew and regrouped form a defensive line at various points of the city .
determined anger was positioned between the breastwork wagons and supplies , a band of confederates coming from the opposite side of the river and higher up to the foothills and unleashed their first many volleys of retaliation and repel .
as the union soldiers lay on their stomachs and reloaded , they heard the sound of lead crashing through the branches and the thickets between them , as the confederates searched their targets for trial and error .
the next round union sharpshooters , more confederates lay dead and wounded , but this volley came pinpointing the unions exact positions .
orders to aim low , the confederates returned to the fire lower banks of the river .
cries of pain and agony testified confederates of skill as several union soldiers now lay dead and permanently maimed slowly reducing their effective force .
just as confederates of the union soldiers were now defensive and scrambled for a moment , regrouping in the smaller fighting force .
the union command out from the city limits of the confederates loaded several cannons .
tucked away in a grove of tall oaks with protection elements , they easily missed their opposing force .
quickly , the three-man teams loaded their cannons and took careful aim for the union battery .
in command to fire the will of the confederates opened up the union forces staged by the foothills of the signal mountain .
visibility was drastically reduced to the repeated cannon fire as the union forces struggled to see targets .
by the time the union artillery brigade saw the heavy smoke of the confederate volley , it was too late .
with the scream of fragmentation canisters telegraphed their arrival , the union soldiers could only stand and watch in horror as the tiny projectiles grew larger at their vision speed , leaving them little else to do but stand , and watch their impending death .
the first four canisters roared into the camp and impacted on the ground with two cannon batteries immediately exploding , tiny shards twisted and molten metal .
instantly thousands of fragments traveled to the point of the impact and found the first of their victims as two union soldiers stood between two cannons .
in the blink of the eye , their bodies absorbed in most fragments , nearly obliterating any proof of their existence .
blood and bone splattered the two cannons , the characteristically horrific pattern of death and destruction .
as fragments deflected and ricocheted off the objects , human and metallic , their destruction was devastating , all killing and maiming nine union soldiers .
a split second later , two more canisters were roared first , these two impacting the bluff just below the union cannoning .
although the projectiles was embedded in the earth and exploded , their destructive intention was not denied .
the soil heaved and broke apart , sending large amounts of fast-moving granules dirt and pebbles of the union battery , ripping through the flesh , maiming several union men with hard work force , knocking them to the ground in agonizing pain .
the last canister rocketed over the heads of the union soldiers and hit the birch tree high up , its trunk exploding and instantly amputating its upper half lower .
the crash of the tree as it hit the ground , went unnoticed by the union forces , turned their destructive force into a cloud of confederate smoke far out from the chattanooga .
with a wave of his sword , negley bellowed the order of silence , cannons at the far edge of the town .
quickly , the teams were three jockeyed , their cannons fading , confederate smoke calculated from the angle of the trajectory and lit their charges .
the repositioned cannons came to life , their muzzles spewed fire , smoke and metallic death recoil sending them reeling backward from their restraints .
seconds later , far out from the city of proper primary explosions had seen the shells hit their targets , followed by several secondary explosions , signaling destruction of enemy caches ignited as a result of the primary detonation .
violently jolted his lazy stare up toward the river , the young boy sitting elevated on the boulder , fishing for his breakfast , nearly fell into a water reflex with loud explosions .
he quickly gathered his things and jumped to the rock rock desperately fleeing for cover .
still on the bank river , he found two large boulders to hide behind , giving him a safe cover for a violent exchange .
closer to the action of the two bedraggled trappers upon hearing deafening explosions , killing their countrymen quickly deduced that their only safe escape was to continue to their poling river .
any attempt to make the land expose them to the combatants and draw fire on either side .
they grabbed their poles even harder and strained to push the tiny raft faster across the river .
hand in hand they pushed the flimsy poles , nearly breaking them as they rushed to evade harms way .
the painful blisters formed and quickly broke , leaving fresh blood length poles as they continued to push their lives .
standing on the left side of the raft without warning , a single stray bullet whistled through the air and impacted back with the first trappers head .
the lead ball mushroomed and shattered his skull , propelling through the bone brain and blood in front of his tattered clothes and the river .
instantly he fell overboard and floated downstream .
the shock from witnessing the death of his companion remaining , the trapper cried out in anguish as he helplessly watched his friend floating away , trailing him along the path of red water .
reality snapped him back into focus on another bullet embedded in one of the logs as the raft fracturing it and sending tiny splinters of water .
he looked back at the pelts of beaver and muskrat , he and his now deceased friend had toiled over the previous two months .
he hesitated for a moment then grabbed a handful of beaver pelts from his rifle and the tiny strongbox of money then quickly jumped into the water .
struggling to stay afloat on the weight of the rifle , he kicked his boots wildly into the water .
his head dipped to the surface he was about to let go of the rifle when his feet touched the bottom .
he pushed off the muddy floor of the river and popped his head into the water , took a gasp for the air and sunk into the air again .
finding the bottom of the river once more , he launched his waterlogged body at the surface and gasped for another breath in the air .
as he sank back into the water , his head was now in the water line .
he managed to move close enough to shore now wade to land his handful of belongings safe .
spotting a large boulder at the rivers edge , he made his way to it , keeping his head mostly submerged under cover .
on a boulder , he threw his pelts and strongbox higher on the ground and positioned his rifle for defense .
the powder was wet and useless ; he still aimed his weapon , hoping he had not called on to the bluff .
shaking and scared , the young boy huddled close to the rock , having just witnessed the drama trappers unfold further upriver .
at the tender age of seven , he had never seen a man killed before , and the sight of the old trapper of violent death shook him to his core .
his world had changed an instant graphic vision imprinted on his memory forever .
he openly wept as he watched the remains of the old man drift slowly downstream towards him .
the union corporal amol fletcher was part of the three-man team assigned to artillery standing at his post when the first four confederate shells exploded .
fighting two cannons away , the blast sent the shrapnel from his team to decapitating one private and missing other while he himself took a large fragment to his lower leg , nearly severing his calf bone .
instantly he dropped to the ground in agony .
as he cried out in pain , he clutched the dangling flesh irrationally trying to reattach it to the bone .
in his delirium , his world seemed slow .
no one noticed him as he sprawled on the ground with cannons .
as the bullets passed through his head , he heard their whistle , and for a moment forgot his injury a sense of self-preservation overtook him .
he rolled onto his belly and began to crawl .
pulling his arms and pushing his uninjured leg , he slowly worked his way through the cannon and the soldier dragging a trail of blood behind him .
hypovolemic shock began to develop a loss of blood in pain , his gaping wound became less noticeable .
he moved faster and more determination .
suddenly a soldier lay on his path , face down .
corporal fletcher grabbed his shoulder to roll him over as he felt the sting of a hot lead graze on his forearm and impact the back of the soldiers head .
instantly , the soldiers skull exploded , covering corporal fletcher 's face with blood bits of brain and bone .
he jerked away from a reflex and cried out for fear , only to feel the mind-numbing pain of his own injury .
as fear enveloped him further , he quickly crawled to the deceased soldier and continued his path .
up ahead several yards away , he spotted a boulder for protection .
fear and anxiety coursed through his veins as he struggled to stay alive .
desperately deliberately , he stretched his hands out in front of him , clawing at anything he could use further than his escape .
as he crawled over the elevation , dropped off slightly , allowing him more for the protection of the bullets passing above .
in the grass and embedded with his fingernails , he reached a larger boulder and pulled himself from it to safety lying on his stomach ; he rolled over and sat up on the smooth granite rock .
he heard the sound of bullets ricocheting off the boulder and deflecting the trees around him as he instinctively ducked into the sound .
his adrenaline pumping , he reached down to his and dirt-stained shirt and ripped off the strip from its bottom edge .
taking a strip of both hands , he lifted the hanging flesh and secured it with bone cloth tying a loose knot to hold his calf place as pain caused him to scream in reflex .
a short distance away from the private pulling horse-drawn ambulance heard a painful shriek of corporal fletcher of thunder war .
this was his first pass through as he searched for casualties .
hearing the horrific screams , he snapped the reins to the team of horses and quickly located suffering from the corporal , barely conscious but still conscious of his agony .
he leaped down the buckboard and ran to his side , a canteen of cool water .
kneeling , he placed a canteen on corporal lips and slowly poured a few swallows into his mouth .
corporal fletcher , his grave state , choked and coughed , the water entered his mouth , causing him to cry out the pain once more .
instinctively , he pushed the privates hand away and opened his eyes .
a weakened voice , he said , they killed me .
rebs killed me !
looking down at corporal fletcher , blood pooled over his leg in private , quickly realized the gravity of the situation .
as he reached the lift , fading , corporal , he replied nonsense .
doc would have a leg off in no time .
you are good as new as just a few days .
he smiled as he spoke , hoping to lift corporal spirits .
even the corporal in the deteriorated state he knew the grisly torture awaited him once back in a makeshift hospital .
he stiffened for a moment and looked down at his maimed appendage .
he envisioned a painful procedure , then the disfigured remnant of the left was a sad reminder of the reality of the war .
disheartened , he slumped into the arms of a private , struggled to lift him from the waiting ambulance .
moments later , laying on one of the hard wooden gurneys , he reminded his agony as private snapped the reins , abruptly jarring the wagon , sending an excruciating pain from his gaping wound and his spine .
sorry , private responded sincerely , although there was little he could do to improve the comfort of the wounded .
moments later , his own screams in agony he heard cries of another wounded soldier loaded with a wooden ambulance .
he glanced over to see a young boy , sixteen thin , wavy yellow hair , roughly hauled gurney to the opposite side of the wagon .
a ghastly wound in his stomach he did n't have long to live .
his blues eyes were sunken and dulled , the loss of blood was a good deal , which was completely saturated with his shirt and pants as well as his hands as he tried in to relieve the pain from the pressure of his wound .
lying there in his agony , he cried out to god to end his suffering .
corporal fletcher could almost feel the young boy in despair as he irrationally waited in vain for the higher power to answer his dying prayer .
in the realization that he was all alone , he retreated to the far recesses of his mind , his last haven for solace .
rolling his head from side to side , he murmured under his breath , " mama , mama . "
at the end of his consciousness , unable to speak , corporal fletcher mustered the last bit of his strength as he stretched out a weak shaking hand and gently laid it on the privates shoulder .
the young privates eyes widened for a moment as he quietly spoke in a receiving tone " mama .
i love you . "
as the corporals world went black , he slipped into unconsciousness , having brought some measure of relief to the poor dying boy behind him .
it was all he could do and it was enough .
shortly after losing consciousness , the young boy quietly died on him , passing the horrific end of peace .
* * * - - - dr. jeb paced back and forth , operating the wagon envisioning dead and wounded each report of union cannons .
each crack of a twig or unusual for the sound of the wind , he craned his head to listen more intently , hoping for any advanced warning of ambulances delivering their wounded .
the minutes felt like hours as he reached into his pants pocket and pulled out his elgin pocket watch .
he pressed a tiny button on the gold timepiece and popped cover exposing hands in time .
huh , only at 10:30 , he said aloud , frustrated at how slow the time felt moments of anguish .
he snapped the cover closed and shoved the watch back into his pants pocket once more .
returned to his pacing , he gazed at the grove of birch trees trying to view the battle of his protected location .
barely visible columns , smoke and debris were seen rising off the valley floor .
the sight made him wonder how confederates faring and if their own surgeon was also nervously pacing .
it started a low clicking sound , barely audible .
first , dr. thought it was a cannon reverberating off the mountains , but the sound persisted he recognized the distinctive , repetitive sound .
it was the hooves of a team of horses as they trotted .
he strained his eyes in the direction of the sound but still saw nothing .
he spun on his heels and ran to the operating wagon .
ok men on , dr. called out a deep authoritative voice .
ill fetch my smock , he ordered a nearby private sitting ground , sunning himself .
yes , sir , private quickly responded , hopping to his feet .
moments later , the screams of pain heard as the driver hauled wounded rocks between logs and uneven ground as he made his way across the birch forest to the makeshift medical camp .
he pulled into the clearing and rolled into the waiting operating wagon .
standing on their clean white smocks stood dr. morgan assistant surgeon george fowler pvt .
douglas was resting earlier and pvt .
the horses came to a halt in the rear ambulance , just operating the wagon .
immediately dr. ran to the wounded and began his assessment .
there were three soldiers lying on their feet behind him .
he quickly saw corporal fletcher 's leg and a pool of blood that had collected it .
as he climbed up , the ambulance private driving wagon met him in the middle .
pointing to the young boy at sixteen , he shook his head sadly and moved his gaze to the private laying bottom of the wagon on two gurneys .
the young private was still conscious and suffering terribly due to the bullet that penetrated his leg just knee and smashed the bone , leaving a gaping wound and shattered fragments embedded into the raw mangled flesh .
assessing the situation , dr. quickly pronounced the young boy dead and turned his attention to the two men still living .
feeling corp. fletcher had a gravest injury , he motioned for two privates to carry him to the operating table .
immediately the two lifted the gurney from the ambulance and over to the other wagon .
as dr. cut away from the portion , the corporals pant leg asst .
george fowler is prepared for chloroform .
dr. looked up while cutting and said abruptly to save it .
he was unconscious .
i have his leg off well before he ever wakes up .
fowler stowed chloroform and replied , do you think he will ever regain consciousness to this ?
i do .
dr. replied simply then added , once i tie off those arteries , i think he is ok , that is if we can control an infection .
the fowler just nodded as he jumped down off the wagon and came around back .
he stood for a moment and awaited further orders .
looking at the gruesome sight of the asst .
the fowler watched dr. placed a mechanical tourniquet , just between the knee and femoral artery .
with the strap of the wrapping leg he pulled hard to tighten a cloth band of skin .
he then turned a large lever tourniquet to take excess slack .
moments later , blood oozed from the wound , slowed by a slight trickle .
dr. morgan 's hands were already covered in blood as he reached his scalpel .
his pant leg was gone ; corporal fletcher 's right leg was fully exposed .
starting at the top of the surface leg , dr. began amputation as he explained the procedure was asst .
fowler while he operated .
right , i know this is your first time so i can try to explain as much as practicable .
first , we could determine the point of the incision from the closest wound .
we can always try to leave as much amputating a limb as possible .
i say we can safely amputate an inch or so wound , dr. said as he placed a scalpel on the top leg .
looking up at his assistant then up corp. fletcher to ensure he was unconscious , he was now ready .
right then .
start on top here , he said , pointing to a scalpel .
we pierce the upper integuments skin , that cutting fascia and just muscle .
this was really quite simple , him unconscious .
as he explained , he pierced both layers of skin and muscle as he sliced the top and worked his way around to the bottom of the blood and the fatty yellow tissue immediately oozing from the laceration .
at the bottom , he reached for a leg coming up underneath the opposite side and continued to make his incision up to the other side , ending his first point at the incision .
two incisions were so quick asst .
the fowler barely had time to comprehend .
ok , i need you to pull back the first layer as i cut down the bone .
just careful with your fingers though .
i 'm moving pretty fast here and we do n't want accidental amputation of any of your digits , ok ?
dr. asked .
the fowler nervously nodded his head and placed his unwashed fingers at the incision and began to pull back the skin opening it wider than dr. morgan .
as he did this he asked the question .
sir , why do n't we cut right down to the bone first pass ?
was n't it faster ?
looking up at his assistant , dr. morgan replied a good question , lad .
we can do this one pass , but we lose precision as we slice deep into muscle .
the remaining stump usually ends up grossly , disfigured more so than acceptable frequently leaving the appendage of quite painful use .
weve accepted the practice with a double incision as we are doing now .
we could produce a stump , retain more muscle than a tissue covering the bone , making it less painful as well as a more useful appendage .
the fowler nodded then turned his attention to his fingers as he pulled the incision open .
dr. reached a longer bladed scalpel .
he inserted it into a bloody tissue at the top , then angled the blade so he was cutting several inches up and underneath his assistants hand , effectively cutting out a cone shaped piece of muscle down to the bone .
at first pass , the doctor sliced deeply into the flesh , slicing , though a vein of muscle and tendons hitting the bone and increasing blood flow from the table .
as he was instructed , asst .
the fowler pulled back , freshly sliced muscle as the doctor worked quickly .
reaching the leg once more , the doctor continued his conical-shaped incision to the bottom and worked his way to the top .
with his hands saturated with blood , he reached for a long strip of cloth a few inches wide .
he worked the bone then pulled up each end , strip lightly suspending the leg for a moment .
he then pulled the cloth up a leg , pulled the muscles higher up to the bone .
ok , we pulled the muscles higher to the bone .
i cut the bone as close to the cloth as i can without cutting it into the cloth that is .
when we release the cloth muscle spring back to its original position covering the bone a couple of inches allowing greater cushioning healing , dr. elaborated .
he reached his saw and placed his thumb on the bone guide .
resting saw with his thumb , he pulled two times to himself , leaving the small pilot slot start to cut .
he then began aggressively , saw the bone .
within seconds he was nearly bone as he began to slow .
in the end , he only pulled saw himself insuring the bone was not a splinter .
the last pull saw the lower leg completely detached from the upper leg .
at the end of the table , a top-heavy foot rolled to one side of its own weight and fell to the table in the grass below .
blood pooled at the end of the stump as the assistant released the cloth holding muscle .
quickly reaching the pre-threaded needle , the doctor began to tie off the various blood vessels starting the femoral artery .
right then .
see those strands , look , tiny pieces of twine .
they were various blood vessels that supplied the lower leg of blood .
those all need to be tied off or he will bleed to death , the doctor said as he worked .
bleeding completely stopped , he slowly released the tourniquet and watched the leakages end of the stump .
seeing none , he then began to sew up an exposed wound .
he quickly pulled the extra skin of muscle and began to stitch them .
ligatures not too close as needs room drainage without any excess of blood and pus while the appendage heals , the doctor said as he stitched his assistant looking for fascination .
when he was done suturing he was allowed asst .
the fowler bandage at the end while he rinsed off his tools and threw a bloody foot basket carried away later .
turning to his assistance , he said dryly , let 's hope that ai n't too many of these today .
the fowler just nodded .
the whole bloody experience was almost too graphic to him as he tried to process the procedure in his mind .
right , let 's have a look at the other fellow , shall we ?
the doctor asked rhetorically .
bandaging corporals amputated leg he looked up to see that , dr. morgan was already cutting away from the other soldiers pant leg , presaging the next operative process .
moments later , the sound of distant gallops heard as more teams of horses began to arrive , pulling their wooden ambulances as they rushed to the wounded safety .
faster than they operate , privates carried more wounded than the union soldiers operating in the wagon .
the basket of amputated , limbs mounded over at the doctor disposed of useless appendages , throwing them unceremoniously into a bloody pile of flesh and bone had already began to rot in the heat of the day .
each mangled limb landed on a bloody mound of swarms of flies that darted away escaping from the falling limb , then quickly returned and continued , their forage filth and disease for their newly found real estate .
wounded flowed in , they helped shady the edges of the grassy clearing , wait , their turn knife.disheartening moans of agony heard everywhere as injured men left one horrific world and entered another .
working quickly to overcome the numbers , dr. set up another operating wagon asst .
working on side by side dr. monitored his assistants work .
the first doctor was assigned to a simple amputations dr. fowler , but a number of wounded mounted , and dr. fowler began to grow his newly acquired skills , dr. allowed him to take more complex surgeries .
the two doctors working basket used to dispose of the limbs long since disappeared into carnage .
the stench of iron hung in the heavy air as the blood spewed wounded .
the blank and pallor of faces some stared out into the nothingness of the shock of the deadened reality .
the others winced and grimaced each breath they took , and still the others cried out in agony , each time dying of a thousand deaths .
hearing suffering from their countrymen , only served to stiffen both of the doctors resolve to save more men .
day and night , two surgeons had worked frantically to save injured and dying .
their exhaustion set in and hysteria and despair overwhelmed them ; they searched themselves for the strength to continue .
eventually , their own bodies and minds began to fail them .
they pushed themselves to the limits of human endurance .
the battle was not yet complete ; they both knew tomorrow to bring further death and pain .
if they were going to service the young men risking their lives in their country , they would both need some much deserved rest .
the last flicker of light nearly spent the oil lamps , the blood soaked surgeons made their way to the other side of the clearing , their two canvas tents .
after a quick change of clothing , they laid down their cots and fell quickly asleep .
dr. david warner burst into the swinging wooden double-doors and headed for the scrub station .
" ok , what do we have ? "
he asked as he turned into the water and pulled the soap dispenser , releasing a large dollop of his hands .
vigorously , he scrubbed his fingertips on his elbows as he listened to his supporting staff for him in an emergency .
" doctor , we have a gunshot victim entry and exit the wound between the seventh and eighth rib entry abdomen .
her belly was distended , filling up with blood .
her vitals was low to eighty-five sixty .
her foley output bright red , and shes hypovolemic blood loss .
triage intubated her and already infused 2 liters plasma , " replied the surgical resident kerry stadler as he too scrubbed in emergency surgery .
" so she 's prepped . "
dr. warner asked .
" yes , doctor .
prepped and ready , " dr stadler replied .
" films ? "
dr. warner asked with an abbreviated speech function of his occupation .
before he could receive an answer , a surgical nurse at jill edwards burst through the door .
pulling her mask over her face , she anxiously reported : " the doctors you better hurry .
her vitals was dropping fast .
with bp , eighty fifty-five pulse ox of the eighty-five . "
without hesitation , dr. warner quickly responded , " gloves and gown now .
and set up a thoracotomy tray laporatomy just in case . "
both doctors washed the soap with their hands and arms quickly as the pressure and anxiety of the situation worsened .
we get ultrasound here .
dr. stadler asked as he started to tie his gown .
yes , stat !
dr. warner replied urgently .
the two doctors quickly donned their attire as nurse edwards pulled her protective mask and rushed back or to prep ultrasound equipment and set up a thoracotomy tray .
moving through the double doors , dr warner heard the sounds of alarms , medical equipment coldly reported to be a patient crisis .
he scanned the various devices on the patients levels that continued to drop into the danger zone .
as he rushed to the patients side , dr. warner , the eyes widen in disbelief as he realized the age of a tiny victim .
" my god , shes just a baby .
how old is she ? "
" eight years , " nurse edwards , replied her voice sadly , exposing what her mask was disguised .
whats her name ?
dr. warner asked .
the chart says , lena , williams , nurse edwards replied .
shaking his head in disgust , he listened to a cardiac monitor , sounded slower , beats and become erratic .
immediately he reacted to instinct .
she needs a volume now .
hang another two rapid infuser , he said , his voice showing a strain of youth , his patient weighed heavy on his mind .
the bp is seventy fifty and dropping the pulse of an ox , eighty-two dr. stadler informed his mentor and colleague .
i just lost her pulse , nurse edwards cried out , a cardiac monitor sounded in an unmistakable tone on a flat line .
push the amp atropine .
in charge of the paddles , fifty , dr. warner retorted back .
nurse edwards quickly wheeled defibrillator and programmed , setting pediatric while charging the external paddles of fifty joules .
she quickly handed them to dr. warner then injected the amp atropine patients iv .
dr. warner prepared the paddles as dr. stadler scanned the young patients belly ultrasound .
rotating a small metallic wand at various angles , images showed on the monitor , confirming their suspicions were hidden by trauma .
applied conductive gel , dr. warner placed one of the paddles on the upper right clavicle and one just below and left the young patients left nipple .
clear , dr. warner called out .
dr. stadler broke off his examination just as dr warner depressed the buttons of the paddles delivering charge of the heart as well as other nearby organs .
the patients body convulsed with the current coursing through her .
her chest heaved and expanded , then fell and contracted back on the table .
three medical personnel were focused on cardiac monitor for signs of activity .
they held their breath in vain , the monitor continued to report a single monotone sound on the flat line .
still v-fib , dr. stadler cried out .
desperation could be heard as he spoke .
fifty again , dr. warner called out once more .
he was replaced by the paddles from previous locations and delivered the second charge .
again , the tiny patient body convulsed .
sinus tach , dr. stadler cried out in relief .
dr. warner were roughly placed the paddles back on the tray .
he asked , dr. stadler now resumed his examination , nervous sweat beading up on his brow .
the belly was full of blood .
looks like some major hemorrhaging where a bullet hit spleen , pancreas and kidney .
the eighth rib was broken too .
replied dr. stadler , now regaining his composure .
ok , eight blade , dr. warner requested .
instantly , nurse edwards handed him a scalpel tray with stainless steel instruments butt end first , taking care , not a slice of her own hand as she pulled away .
even in years of experience , the thought of slicing the poor little girl lay in front of him felt offensive .
dr. warner strengthened his resolve and made his incision , cutting through the various layers of tissue , blood flowed freely through the opening .
immediately , the unmistakable stench of blood and fecal matter wafted through their protective masks .
he finished the incision and called the clamp .
nurse edwards placed the clamp on his hand .
dr warner positioned the clamp holding open the incision as he tried to examine the damage , draining the blood .
suction , dr. warner called out .
dr. stadler inserted the probe into the incision and began to suck out in excess blood .
be careful , watch trauma .
work on the transverse colon .
clean out as much as that fecal matter as possible , dr. warner cautioned , dr. stadler worked .
got it , dr. stadler replied carefully sucking up blood and debris from the abdominal cavity .
a better view of dr. warner could now see the damaged organs more clearly .
it was apparent spleen , pancreas and colon , as well as left , the kidney had some form of trauma .
i need a 4-0 prolene and r.b.-1 needle now .
does anyone know the caliber bullet ?
dr warner asked as nurse edwards handed him the needle and suture .
do n't look small , that is all i know , replied dr. stadler still suctioning colon .
looks like .22 , dr. warner informed .
a small entry wound but a heavy internal trauma shockwave as it passed through at high velocity .
asked nurse edwards .
while dr. warner worked with repair damaged spleen , dr. stadler answered the nurse edward question .
after a bullet travels , it pushes the air way , creating a field of turbulent air bullet .
that air , the bullet shockwave has almost as much destructive force as a bullet itself so instead of a quarter of an inch bullet , causing damage that you have to add an inch shockwave to a problem too , dr. stadler said .
awful just an awful nurse , edwards replied sadly .
dr. warner called out as he quickly worked .
bp , seventy-five fifty pulse ox eighty , replied nurse edwards , she was bleeding everywhere , dr. warner complained .
he turned to dr. stadler and instructed him to repair the transverse colon .
looks like we have a small puncture on transverse colon .
can you repair it while i attend spleen ?
i was it !
eight blade , suction and 4-0 and r.b.-1 standing by , dr. stadler rattled off in quick succession to nurse edwards .
gentle father was teaching his son , dr. warner delicately cautioned dr. stadler one thing at a time , he said , then added work frantically for control .
gotcha , dr. stadler replied slightly embarrassed by his zealousness .
as they both worked frantically to repair the damaged organs flow , blood went nearly unabated .
nurse edwards kept a careful eye on the trained monitors as well as the doctors anticipating their needs their requests .
the doctors bp were dropping again , sixty-five forty-eight .
the pulse ox was very low , seventy-seven , nurse edwards announced .
dammit where she was bleeding .
dr. warner asked rhetorically .
we are working areas now , dr. warner , dr. stadler replied .
no , no this much blood loss has a much larger source of vena cava or aorta , dr. warner speculated .
we are nowhere in those areas .
the bullet exited out her back , kidneys , dr. stadler replied .
i know , but this much blood loss is n't adding up .
the bullet missed the renal and spleenic veins and arteries .
this is n't just organs , dr. warner replied .
the two doctors worked feverishly to repair the damaged and bleeding organs as the patients vitals continued to fall .
repaired spleen and transverse from the colon , the two moved pancreas and left the kidney .
more suction kerry , dr. warner instructed , dr. stadler .
he then glanced up and asked nurse edwards , how is our supply ?
she is taking blood faster than we give it , she retorted back instantly .
hang another of the two units , dr. warner requested anxiously .
dr. warner , did you see this ?
asked dr. stadler .
did you agree that the bullet entered the abdomen broke a rib and continued spleen , pancreas and kidney ?
it appears that way why .
dr. warner asked as he worked in the kidney .
seems to be an abrasion heading up to the upper posterior of the peritoneum , dr. stadler said as he lifted the pancreas angled up into the middle of the patients body instead down , and it was .
dammit , you know what that is .
that was another entry wound , dr. warner replied .
eight blade and sternal saw stat !
he said to nurse edwards .
two bullets .
but only one entry wound , dr. stadler replied in disbelief .
i know .
two bullets entered the same location as dr. warner responded as he accepted the scalpel as nurse edwards and began to make a long incision of patients breastbone .
i knew something was n't right .
the .22 caliber wo n't break a rib , then have enough energy remaining to tear all over these organs .
had more than one bullet and i was betting its also cause of massive blood loss , he explained as he finished his incision .
what are the odds of happening ?
i mean two bullets were the same entry wound .
dr. stadler asked rhetorically , shaking his head now with further disbelief .
stenal saw dr. warner asked next , then added , i never guessed it if i had n't seen it in my own eyes .
quickly nurse edwards handed dr. saw .
placing it on the base of the sternum , he began to cut the breastbone , the smell of bone and blood penetrating their masks and their nostrils .
moments later he was done .
rib spreader , dr. warner requested .
anticipating his request , nurse edwards handed him the instrument immediately .
inserting it directly into the incision , he turned the lever and separated the ribs with enough view of the upper chest cavity .
the probe was dr. warner requested by nurse edwards .
he then called dr. stadler to begin suctioning open areas .
as he did , dr. warner examined the cleaned areas .
more suction .
i need more suction , dr. warner asked in frustration .
oh man , we have a trauma of inferior vena cava .
i need a 4-0 and r.b.-1 , stat !
working feverishly to repair the profuse bleeding needle contacted something hard .
at first , he thought about it a rib fragment , but for closer inspection , dr. warner realized it was a second bullet .
there it is !
forceps , dr. warner requested in an almost frantic tone .
he inserted the forceps cavity gently , pushing the still-bleeding vena cava and gently extracted a deformed and mangled bullet .
the edges were tiny razor blades .
they sliced veins contact , he announced .
there would be a dozen fissures to repair .
as he unceremoniously tossed clamped on the bullet and forceps , the stainless steel container , he continued , suture tears of damaged vein and surrounding organs .
moments later , dr. warner watched as the heart began to slow .
just then a cardiac monitor sounded .
he quickly placed his gloved fingers around the heart and began to squeeze attempting to manual heart compressions even before nurse edwards could speak .
doctor , she was a pea nurse edwards announced .
push another amp epi and charge the internal paddles for fifteen , dr. warner demanded .
handing him the paddles they could watch as he inserted them into her chest cavity and placed them still in heart .
clear , dr. warner called out , he depressed the button and sent a shock directly to the young patients heart.as they listened for signs of a life of cardiac monitor reality set in .
there were none to be heard .
charge twenty !
another 6 milligrams now .
dr. warner frantically called again .
he was shocked by the heart , sending the current deep within , but no effect .
a cardiac monitor continued to report its menacing tone to a flat line .
asystole god dammit !
dr. warner shouted out loud .
as he continued with manual compressions , he called out once more in charge of thirty .
inserting the internal paddles again , he delivered a massive jolt to a patient heart .
with horror and sadness , they watched the monitor register , no change .
dr. warner frantically searched his mind for the solution as he continued with manual compressions .
even his years of education and training damage were too extensive for him to overcome .
he pulled his hands over her chest and stood back .
his gloved hands were dripping fresh from the blood floor , he hung his head low .
call it , he mumbled quietly .
nurse edwards called time to death , he stood motionless as he watched the lifeless body of the young girl .
his mind raced as he stared at the carnage in front of him .
he thought of the smiles she had displayed just a few hours before .
he thought that hugs her mom had given her that morning and the pain of parents was feeling forever .
he thought of her violent death and injustice it all .
the deeply saddened and sickened by a grievous sight he could stand no more .
he turned and walked out to the or the doors , oblivious to all the state of shock and disbelief .
his gown was soaked with blood and his gloves were a dripping red path around him , he made his way down the corridor to the elevator .
a blurred and confused state he was unable to hear his name called as he walked .
standing in front of the elevator , he pushed the button .
instantly the doors had sprung open .
he looked back to the hallway to nurse edwards , calling his name , but heard nothing .
as if in slow motion , he stepped in , and the doors slowly closed behind him .
dr. warner ?
dr. warner will stop .
nurse edwards called as she ran down the corridor to the elevator .
too late .
she watched the doors closed behind him .
as she stared at the bloody footprints seemed to vanish through the elevator doors , she caught a slight movement from her peripheral vision .
looking up , she watched a sadness in a droplet of blood that pooled then slide down the elevator button .
reaching into her pocket , she pulled out a tissue and reverently wiped off the sad remains of a young victim , imprinting her memory forever in pain , senseless tragedy .
in a daze , dr. david warner stood in the middle of the elevator and stared at the old photo hanging back on the wall .
the metal doors closed behind him , he felt a small shudder , then a slight drop as he momentarily became weightless as the elevator began to descend .
ignoring the fact that he was not pressed to the floor to descend to , he felt any place but or a good place .
he just wanted to forget .
slowly , the elevator descended .
as struggled to free his mind from the tragedy , his eyes began to focus on the picture in front of him .
slowly at first then more detailed as he descended the photo came focus .
he was no longer staring at the photo but directly at it .
somehow it helped soothe the pain that gnawed away from his soul .
photo antique reflection in the past unique display of history showed how elanger the hospital came to pass .
photo group of civil war doctors standing patient in recent amputation .
at its center was a patient laying makeshift gurney built into an old wooden wagon sedated and bandaged his lower right leg stump resting and display testimony to the doctors abilities .
standing a patient dressed in uniform with their bloody smocks still fastened on them , several military doctors stood proudly in the photo .
hardened and determined , their faces were devoid of all the expression on one of pride .
on the left side of the photo sat an old man on a rickety stool .
with his white flowing beard and hair , he looked much older than his more distinguished-looking colleagues .
he too wore a bloody smock , and his face also carried an expression of pride .
yet something else shone in the old mans eyes of wisdom .
while the others looked at the camera , he looked at it as if deep in thought and oblivious to its presence .
he appeared to be somewhat accidental photos of purpose .
the bottom photo read inscription on the original site of elanger hospital 1862 .
gazed at the doctors photo .
he looked at the bandage between the bulbous and barbaric poor soldiers leg .
a feeling of contempt swept over his body .
a hundred and fifty years of progress and we still ca n't save em , he shouted out , irrationally , his fists clenched in anger and still encased in bloody gloves .
then with a fit of rage , he punched the picture on the wall , glass shattering and dropping to the floor of the elevator , cracking a cheap plastic frame .
the sound of shattering glass and cracking plastic snapped him back into reality .
he bent over and picked up the old photo , leaving the broken shards of glass on the still floor of the elevator .
he began to replace the picture with a bent hook when he felt his knees begin to buckle slightly as the elevator began to slow to a stop .
a moment later heard the sound of a bell elevator settled on its floor .
suddenly he saw his gloved hands in the sticky drying blood holding a framed picture that held out in front of him .
he looked down on his gown and realized he was covered in blood , in fact escaped his attention moments before .
as the mechanized sound of heavy metal doors signaled for their opening , he felt a light balmy breeze brush around his neck .
the air suddenly felt dense as if the relative humidity dramatically increased .
a strange yet familiar odor drifted over him and penetrated his nostrils .
turning around to investigate , he stiffened and froze in place .
his eyes took sight of him as his mind struggled to make sense of the scene at the doors of the elevator .
his heart began to pump wildly and his whole body shook .
he felt he was dreaming , but never before had a dream felt so real .
hey , are you ?
come here !
i need you to hold his leg , heard just outside the door of the elevator .
zanas squinted at first , then rubbed his eyes and refocused on the vision behind him .
there several yards away , he watched a man dressed in a blue military uniform , stood another man laying on a wooden gurney .
the man standing looked familiar to him , and he searched his mind to make the connection .
hey , come here .
i need your help now .
im almost finished , a voice called again at the elevator door .
marshall looked around at the elevator then over to the control panel .
the bottom panel was a circular button labeled g highlighted .
he thought it was strange that he ended up on the ground floor as he had not pushed any buttons on the panel .
he turned back to the scene unfolding in front of him .
the light , balmy breeze was still blowing across his face , and the strange odor was now foul and the offensive still penetrated his nostrils .
finan watched in fascination as he realized that the military man was beckoning him to the fact that the doctor was performing crude surgery with the other man laying unconscious on a wooden gurney .
suddenly it dawned on him .
the man was standing before him was the same man in the picture .
david looked at the picture of his hands then back at the man in the elevator .
he was indeed a doctor , a older-looking man with white flowing beard and hair .
this one strange dream said out loud .
he felt confused by the vision .
whoa , im seeing the color of this dream .
how is this possible ?
he asked no one in particular .
you are just going to stand there or are you going to help me ?
the old doctor called out david frustration .
david thought about answering him , but thought it was silly .
its just a dream , he thought to himself .
then reconsidering , he rationalized to himself what harm .
called the old man , what do you want me to do ?
a tear from that cloth strips , the old doctor responded , immediately pointing to a mound of cloth grass at the foot of the wagon .
at first hesitated .
something in his gut was telling him not to go .
he felt paralyzed by indecision , but then throwing caution to the wind , he stepped forward .
as he passed through the doorway of the elevator and stepped out into the grass , time seemed to be slow for a moment .
he heard voices and sounds as if they played him at half speed .
he turned and looked back at the elevator , but strangely , he saw only its interior hospital , he expected to see the housing it was not there .
sanjeev turned and took a step into the grass .
time seemed to resume its normal speed .
he suddenly heard the deafening sounds of thunder and recognized the foul stench of rotting flesh .
he turned to look back at the elevator , but it was no longer there , only the grass and birch trees , partially obstructed by the war , raged off the distant valley .
what the hell ?
dave said out a loud wave of fear and confusion spread over his body .
son , i really need your help here , heard as an old voice shouted at him .
rica turned and looked at the old doctor , then back to a spot of grass used to the elevator .
suddenly , a loud clap of thunder sounded just above the birch trees , shaking the ground at his feet .
he heard the screams of agony and realized the sounds hed been hearing was not thunder after all , but the fact of artillery explosions .
instinctively ran the old doctor frantically searching for cover as he closed the distance .
the old doctor was seeing intense fear that davids eyes quickly recognized the developing problem .
he pulled away from his patient and moved quickly to intercept flight .
whoa , son !
youre no danger , the old doctor called david as he ran past him and grabbed his arms , reassuring him to his safety .
those bombs ?
theyre trying to kill us , reid replied almost hysterical .
the doctor casually looked at david in a raging war , then back his eyes and replied , " well , i suppose they are , but we are out of range of their artillery . "
he scratched at the top of his head with his bloody fingernails and continued , " i guess a wild bullet will accidentally find us up here , but it is not likely , " he then took a long look at david clothes .
a confused expression crossed his face as he spoke .
" that is quite an unusual uniform you have on .
what outfit would you ? "
" outfit ? "
replied a still deep state of shock .
" outfit , lad .
what outfit would you ?
who is your commanding officer ? "
the old doc questioned a bit of suspicion , then added , " do n't tell me you 're gray . "
about to speak when another shell hit the bank , just birch trees , startling both he and the old doctor .
with a quick look on david shoulder , then back to his patient , the wooden wagon doctor refocused on his duty .
" this way , lad .
we have work to do , " the old doctor said as he extended his hand in the direction of the patient invitation for david to follow him .
quickly they walked back to the wagon doctor leading the way .
once the patients side , the old doctor instructed , " i need you to tear those rags into thin strips so i can finish bandaging this poor lads stump before he comes to .
lord knows he 's suffering enough when he wakes without us fidgeting his bandage so quick about your work . "
zanas pulled off his rubber gloves and tucked them into his pocket .
with his mind struggling to make sense of the situation , he reached down and begin to tear a cloth strips of effort to buy himself time to sort the complexities of his dream .
his mind raced to one topic next to never answering his questions , each problem became a pandoras box , other unanswerable questions distracting and derailing him from solving anything .
as he looked around , he could hear cries of agony sounds from the war smell of death , and suddenly he realized this was no dream .
this was real .
he was now existing in another era at a time of civil war 1860s .
as he tore off each strip of cloth , he handed it to the old doctor who used it to secure the amputee bandages in place .
as he worked , the old doctor began to interrogate his new assistant .
" i will see you in surgery already .
i do n't recall another medical unit here .
where did you come from ? "
the old doctor asked casually as he worked .
david searched his mind to answer a suitable old man .
he knew he did n't say he was in the future .
quickly he devised a cover story until he could make sense of his dilemma .
" i have medical training and thought , i use , replied hoping his answer would suffice .
uh huh , and where did you come from ?
allow me more direct .
are you gray or blue ?
the old doctor asked without breaking his concentration .
doctor , i am neither .
i am just medically trained , the individual wants to lend a hand to these poor boys replied .
young man , you deserter !
the old doctor asked bluntly .
no , sir .
i am not military , david responded .
he knew questions to keep coming and he needed to find a better reason for his presence .
he then had an idea .
doctor , truth , i need a job .
id like to join the military to be in order to practice medicine .
i am a very skilled practitioner and feel that i am real use here , finished hoping he has n't overplayed his abilities .
hmm , a skilled practitioner , you say ?
where are you trained ?
are you doctor ?
the old doctor said , continuing his interrogation .
yes , i am a doctor .
i was trained in new england at harvard university .
have you heard it ?
susan asked , unsure if his ivy league with alma mater did n't raise even more suspicion .
harvard , you say .
we short-staffed here for sure .
my assistants mean well , but a bumbling country boys if you understand my inference old , the doctor said as he winked at david .
completely , the doctor replied back with a smile of understanding .
well , doctor , do you have a name ?
the old doctor asked , now warming david a bit .
yes , sir .
my name is dr. david warner .
i ask what your name is .
responded kind .
my name is jebadiah morgan , dr. replied , his modesty eliminating the fancy titles from his name .
he tied the last bandage and lifted his head .
with piercing eyes he stared directly at davids .
slowly he extended his hand in greeting .
im pleased to make your acquaintance with david .
now , if you indulge me while id like to see your abilities .
i have a young man waiting for amputation , id like you to attend to .
if you prove your skill , i consult the gen. negley employment .
is this accord satisfactory ?
dr. asked in blunt sincerity .
where is patient ?
sokolov replied , trying to contain his confidence .
dr. signaled for private to bring up next patient .
as they waited , he showed david to his station , pointing out the instruments he was operating with as well as suturing materials and bandaging .
viewed his crude , operating environment in shock .
he had n't thought it at that moment , but he was trained to operate in a highly technical environment .
this is as primitive as he can imagine .
he was n't sure he could do it .
dr. sensed davids apprehension and said , son , are you sure you are up to this ?
it is a bit more primitive than i used to , but i can manage replied .
son , i do n't want you to manage .
i want you to perform a trained operator .
these young men deserve more than a butcher or charlatan .
if you either , please speak the truth , dr. stated , boldly and conviction .
doctor , i assure you that my skills a surgeon are more than adequate .
i just need a moment to acclimate myself to the environment i am not accustomed to , replied a bold and confident tone in an effort to reassure dr. morgan .
as the assistants laid next to the patient , the wooden wagon could see the agony of the young soldier and immediately began his assessment .
the basic equipment to understand patients vital signs only make limited observations .
he quickly took the patients pulse and determined it was weaker than normal .
next he checked the pupil , dilation and reaction to the match .
satisfied , he then examined the patient mouth , the tongue and skin of dehydration and color .
he observed his skin , color pale and felt clammy .
in addition , the young man seemed somewhat withdrawn and lethargic .
trying not to move the traumatized leg too much , he moved , it was only slightly cutting away the pant leg .
he observed a large caliber bullet that had indeed passed the calf , but left a gaping wound upon exiting .
a determined , careful cleaning and repair leg was saved , although the antibiotics post treatment was problematic .
immediately bent over the young man with the undamaged leg knee , leaving the traumatized leg laying flat .
he then moved to the front of the wagon , grabbed the blanket and draped it over the patient .
" dr. warner , what 's your assessment ? "
dr. questioned concern .
" patient suffering in mild hypovolemic shock .
i was making some effort to stabilize him for invasive surgery .
a large bore bullet has indeed left a great deal of trauma calf , but i believe i can save a leg . "
ryan recalled his courses at school , anesthesia choice , this period of chloroform .
he continued , " we have chloroform ready . "
jaquan asked .
" doctor , i protest .
his leg was too badly damaged .
we can remove it before , gangrene develops , " dr. morgan said .
" i examined the wound and feel it relatively clean , thanks to his pant leg protecting the trauma .
after proper , cleaning i repair the muscle veins and arteries , but need a strong cleansing solution and freshly boiled water .
i believe he have some degree of infection , but the chance of gangrene is much lower than you think , " replied .
" repair veins and arteries .
is this possible ? "
dr. asked incredulously , then added a great concern , " and what if the infection spreads and gangrene develops ? "
" we must amputate , but then he 's no worse off than if we 're amputated now .
at least we give him a chance to save a leg , " reasoned .
" hmm ?
do you really think you can do this ?
save his leg . "
dr. asked , now intrigued with david plan .
" i only assure you that he wo n't die for my care though , saving his leg , these conditions are n't going easy , " responded .
dr. coifed his long white beard as he contemplated the procedure .
he looked over to the patient , then back to david with deep worry as he struggled to trust this mysterious doctor , who appeared just minutes before .
see the old man in the forehead of a furrow as he thought .
a moment later david saw a worried expression leave the old man 's face .
he now began to smile a bit as he came to grips his decision .
" ok , son .
tell me exactly what you need , " dr. finally replied .
" two pots of boiling water distilled or grain alcohol , soap , and clean dressings , " replied .
" it 's going to take some time to collect these things .
every operation of this . "
dr. asked .
" keeping the water boiling , only time consuming consideration , " responded .
the fire was already smoldering in the early morning usage , so dr. tossed more wood into the coals .
twenty minutes later , two pots of water boiled wildly as sorted as dr. limited instruments required to perform surgery .
a resigned his selection of placed instruments boiling in the water sterilization .
he then poured off some boiling water from the third pot and began to scrub his hands and arms like soap as well as the rubber gloves he had in his pocket .
satisfied with his cleansing he slowly washed the soap .
dr. looked at the ill-amused display of this strange doctor .
a man of medicine for more than thirty-five years , he regarded the prep work shenanigans reserved for the roadside carpetbaggers means to disguise their lack of content .
looked over and see the contempt in dr. morgans eyes .
he knew that the old doctor was losing his patience , and with that lost he was too losing what little credibility he had .
quickly set up , young soldier .
the help of the old doctor was patient anesthetized in a matter of minutes .
be patient out , dr. looked closely .
put his now-sterilized gloves and then applied a generous amount of moonshine , he obtained the old doctor area wound in an effort to sterilize it .
ok doctor as you see the patients leg torn up pretty badly .
im going to make the incision back to the calf to inspect and then repair any damage i can find started .
the patients legs bent over the knees and rolled to one side , so he had a clear view that he made the incision that the entry wound was large enough to view the inside when spread apart .
as if on cue , dr. moved a closer look .
david then brought out a pair of retractors used to hold an open incision .
he delicately placed the instrument on the incision and expanded it , giving him a good view wound .
next he rinsed out the incision of salted water solution he prepared for surgery .
dabbing in excess blood , he was able to see the damaged muscle tissue and the torn vein .
using his scalpel , he cut away the torn and mangled muscle tissue .
again , he rinsed out the interior of the wound , moonshine and his makeshift saline solution .
the smallest needle old doctors bag , instruments began to sew reconstructed muscles as well as arteries , using very few sutures to accomplish his task .
now the sutures will remain there forever , but the body will adapt to them .
i believe this will take care of this side , the wound replied softly , completely engrossed in his work .
he closed the entry wound and move more extensive damage to the other side of the calf .
dr. looked at the total fascination .
never before he had seen or even heard of surgery , so delicate and so complicated had performed such ease and skill .
eagerly , he waited for david to attempt a more difficult area for operation .
after watching the first phase of the operation had indeed proven himself quite a gifted surgeon .
dr. now watched any spectator , the watch professional in his element .
he was in awe and excited to observe even greater feats of medicine .
once again , david did his best rinse and clean wound , salted water , solution , and then sterilize , it distilled alcohol .
pulling a scalpel from the hot water , he began to work the damaged muscle tissue of the exit wound .
the damage was much more extensive but manageable .
as he removed the tissue , he was temporarily close to the wound to ensure the proper shape of reconstruction .
working quickly , he then began the suture arteries and muscle as he had done the previous side using very few stitches to accomplish the task .
he then closed the wound as he done the other side .
when completed , he rinsed again and sterilized the entire area of alcohol .
operation over , he began to bandage the wound .
a few minutes later , as a patient was gaining consciousness tied to the last bandage .
the operation was now over and felt confident that he had done his best to inhibit infection .
for the days time the results , his work was evident .
all he could do now was to wait .
continued reading , please purchase smashwords.com : http : //www.smashwords.com/books/view/48854 night , assassin russell smashwords edition .
copyright 2011 russell blake .
all rights reserved .
information contact with books russellblake.com .
how often did you hear the review say that ?
thats what im saying .
other reviews describing it near to perfection , and incredibly well written was n't lying .
russell blake was par with the biggest names of business .
and i mean grisham turrow ludlum forsyth brown .
the plot was intricate and completely unexpected in every turn .
al ross hateful , extremely well-written , a character of believable complexity and nuance plunged into a global conspiracy nightmare hes ill-equipped to survive .
dont want to spoil the end , but its barn-burner .
overall , it 's best to read ever . "
jennifer989 " artistry , this work , brush strokes , build , layers brings you wonder if something this is true .
thats work as a true artist .
many works of fiction have a main character , so scrubbed up he no longer resembles a human male .
no problems , this one .
you start out , despising him , then start to feel sorry for him until finally you are almost him and wish him well , although that outcome seems an unlikely way , a story develops .
this is almost how to.. budding writers are .
how to write one word or one sentence was edited out .
a tight narrative is a great story with a scary scenario .
i almost never give five stars , but this earned it . "
k. mcdicken " russell blake is fast becoming my favorite new author .
take an unlikely main character a scarily probable conspiracy government run amok with cocaine dealers , commandos whores , burro and tightly meshed action/intrigue plot , and you have what me most original year .
i did n't want to spoil the ending , but it completely blew me away and how the suspense sustained the last few pages of surprise great .
i loved the fatal exchange and had tears of laughter running down my face for how to sell a gazillion ebooks and now spent a big chunk of my night reading till 4am to get to the end of geronimo breach .
the highest recommendation is a highly original and entertaining novel . "
semi-used " okay , im on the other side of the pond ( you find most of my reviews and the uk site ) , and im not a patient/forgiving reader if the writer confuses me or dawdles their narrative .
i was pleasantly surprised to find myself going along with an easy style and broad strokes of the narrative .
the plot was very skillfully contrived , but in real art i found an affinity , i found myself unable to resist the down-on-his-life main character of al .
i also love the burros after following als a steady transition as he encounters the hurdle hurdle .
i laughed aloud at some of the scenes ( i did n't spoil it ) when al is , lets say compromised .
i loved the ending , but also wished the story had n't ended so that was the reason im taking trouble to recommend it . "
write print " zero sum trilogy " " blakes latest is absolutely amazing .
i literally not put down my kindle until i finished all the three books trilogy .
russell blake has a very unique talent at painting beautiful story words and zero sum trilogy practically reads like poetry .
5 stars are n't enough to rate this wonderful trilogy 10 stars are more accurate . "
amber norrgard " russell blakes zero sum trilogy is truly amazing .
i initially downloaded the book 1 because it was free , and before i was done , i purchased book 2 & 3 bundle .
this was my first time reading book russell blake and i felt privileged found in the book written so intelligently about such a powerful impact .
nicolas griffen character you grow to despise .
the wall of the street financier associated with organized crime and government agencies were using stock in the market to make huge amounts of money to the detriment of others .
dr. steven archer is determined to stop this activity by publishing the website to expose griffen and his associates , what they really are .
when he was discovered to be the owner of the website , life forever changed as he was now the target to be destroyed .
this trilogy will take you on , extremely fast , paced and unexpected , like a roller coaster ride , a fight for good and evil .
zero sum addicting complex thriller you will not be able to put down .
i would highly recommend this book ; it was writing its best .
i look forward to reading more russell blake . "
marilou george ( kindle book review ) , " i read the review zero sum trilogy , steven konkolys blog and then several reviews here so i took the plunge .
i mean , i do n't know , put the call ( though i get a short lesson with mr. blake when i mentioned that ) , but that wo n't stop me from enjoying this thrill ride .
i was recuperating at the medical procedure , so i read all three books on the weekend .
i even kept a map to one of the locations on the open computer and that made the story all more vivid .
the hero was smart , made of good use for his resources yet still kept a bit of naivete had some almost disastrous results .
there was a bit of the irony at the end , but it worked .
id like to see more of steven archer , " ms. nancy l. barth " the fatal exchange of a page-turning roller coaster ride into action adventure and thrills .
i could n't tell you how much i enjoyed this presumably debut offering russell blake .
its awesome read .
i did n't put it down and stayed all night to finish it was no exaggeration .
six stars if they had a high review . "
katherina j .
" this book took me completely in surprise .
i thought id give it a shot of amazon description , and 5 star reviews and it quickly became a page turner i did n't put down .
a plot of a complex sort of forsyth or ludlum and characters gripping .
its a real novel .
cant wait to see what blake is next . "
anthony m. " a fatal exchange of gritty " from the edge of your seat , " thriller for the first time of author russell blake .
the author cleverly combines well paced with a csi styled crime thriller , " no holds barred , " plausible international conspiracy .
] , i honestly say if i find more books than a fatal exchange , i left absolutely no reason to read some " brand " name of the authors market today . "
steven k. " this book class itself .
the main plot was a book , exciting and scary ( and maybe a little graphic ) .
pacing fast , descriptions of the visceral and twists were unexpected . "
stacy k. " king swords " " russell blake is no stranger than a thriller genre .
his previous thrillers had turned the headlines into the inside-out gritty no-holds-barred edge-of-your-seat plots .
the king of swords russell blake had clearly taken the best of his previous novels , and combined with them honest , often a brutal heart-stopping thriller left me , gasping for air and squirming on my couch .
i know this sounds overly dramatic , but reader-speak this book kept me glued to the kindle screen .
the king of swords reader has taken the journey to the drug cartel-ruled in mexico , where the violence is often trumps hard cash , dominant cultural currency .
blake clearly draws his own knowledge to the political and cultural climate of mexico to present the realistic and stark backdrop of a thriller , fast-paced , intelligent tradition of frederick forsyths " the day is a jackal . "
steven konkoly a bestselling author in the jakarta pandemic and a black flagged , " king swords , great read anyone who enjoys thrillers with those forsyth and ludlum .
the forsyths first and the best book of the day was a jackal one of my favorites .
ive read it at least five times over the last thirty years , and it always gets my pulse quickening .
the king of swords is the same effect and reads much faster than surprises keep you guessing at the right end .
you want to just turn the pages as fast as you push your kindle forward button .
i have a feeling of king swords in one of the books i can come back again and again .
its that good .
i like the authors other books having read most or all of them and their all good , but this one is a different league .
this is no excuses to the heavyweight you put up any of the big names and theyd been in trouble .
whatever kind of tequila , hes drinking id say keep it up because the novels of this pouring forth ive got no need to read any big traditionally published names anymore .
russell blake , for example indie author , surpassing many best name writers and kos , put him right into the same ranks as them . "
david , " ive read a few blakes novels and found them in a diverse voice and a message therein .
my favorite geronimo is in the breach , but this latest has a kind of will of its own .
the reader could n't help but respect the bad guy mc .
if i read subtext right then i realized who was real bad guys , im not spoiling the plot so youll have to decide yourself on that score .
captain romero cruz discovers the assassination plot to kill the mexican and u.s. presidents g-20 conference cabo , el rey was a super assassin responsible for some of the worlds most shocking killings .
visit russells website more details about the author russell blake lives for a full time in the pacific coast of mexico .
the non-fiction novels include international angel fur ( animal biography ) and how to sell a gazillion ebooks ( while drunk , high or incarcerated ) is joyfully vicious parody with all things , writing and self-publishing related .
russell enjoys writing fishing playing with his dogs collecting and sampling tequila and waging ongoing battle with world domination clowns .
in chaotic and breakneck writing in that epic tale , i constantly struck fleeting insights through the mind of the killer , some of which i had captured in glowing detail of that tome .
but even as i put the king on swords on bed , i could n't shake a sense of unfinished business .
id go to sleep and have vivid dreams , and they are always the same characters in my book .
specifically they were the assassins in the past .
it was a disease .
i could n't stop thinking about him .
thats unfamiliar to me for the most part .
i had the same general sense when i had done al geronimo into the breach , but i had no compulsion to write another book of him fascinating to his character .
i felt the closure end of that work .
id told the als story as well as i could and there was n't more i felt i might add .
there were no more words that needed writing .
but i no sooner finished the king of swords than i started making notes as a prequel .
which is really the wrong way to go to it ?
im a simple man .
when the starting story , i was always once the time part of the beginning and the end would well end .
but thats not how it panned out to me this time .
i felt driven to write an assassin some more and to delve his background .
what created a man dispassionately terminate peoples lives for living .
what drove him to do was unthinkable .
he was a monster in a traditional sense .
he could kick the dogs or swerve hit them on the road .
he had put his socks before or in his underwear .
it was fascinating to me because el rey was alive in my head .
you see , i knew answers to questions i was asking once my life .
and so came the pass , i have the opportunity to share you with what i have gleaned from him .
the night assassin was somewhat shorter than the work of the written flesh out making the beast and best to read the companion of a piece of king swords .
it certainly read first , but i suspect it is more satisfying and resonate more if the reader digests king first night is a second then sequels .
thats how i envisioned it , but youre free to do as you like .
even if read to a stand-alone or first night , entertain and satisfy .
id just recommend it to the king .
the night an assassin with a classic prequel in , it wo n't repeat the information , already memorialized king swords , so there will be some gaps that does n't seem to make sense until both novels read .
for a nights purpose , the other thrill is to explain to afford the illumination of one of my most fascinating characters yet .
el reys past or at least highlights it alive on the page .
enjoy this humble offering my compliments .
it was a calm spring , the night air , the heavy scent of the ubiquitous tropical flowers , a beaded moisture cloudbursts sulked in a hazy humid day .
the crickets trilled on their mating mantras broiling heavens , the only sound of water a dull thumping disco beat emanating from the massive boats salon lay in the superstructure that supported a four-passenger helicopter and a complement of jet skis .
the creaking lines of the yacht strained as the tide rolled , and the moons perennial pull drew a higher water level marina with heavy ropes that secured the ship to its long concrete dock keened in futile protest .
armed with security men clad in black windbreakers patrolled the concrete walkway at the curved length of an exclusive private marina , the unmistakable outline of a heckler & koch ump submachine guns in the silent testament to their intent .
battle-hardened men had chartered the safety of those yacht dead serious , resonating in a constant state of readiness for threats of any approach .
the drug cartel skirmishes had escalated in the past two years of guards , some in the blistering firefights of rival groups and had seen more than their share of blood .
these men in whom were killing the routine , and they drew their pay understanding any day before their last .
the radio crackled with a group of members who checked in on one another , each confirming all calm .
the routine was to monitor everyones status at fifteen minute intervals during the night .
if the danger came , it often did so wee hours , and the groups leader were keenly sensitive , possible , fatigue or luxury could prove fatal to that detail .
peals of shrill female laughter pierced the night salon , the sliding door opened to allow three scantily clad young mexican women to the rear deck where ashtrays were located in the well-stocked bar and the sumptuous oversized hot tub .
the girls were a regular company owner , a boat , a sylvio contreras number of one warlord , sonora and head of a zapata cartel .
not one was older than nineteen youngest seventeen ; papi contreras liked his meat fresh and tender more so since hed celebrated his fiftieth birthday prior week .
contessa one of the three yachts , papi , owned the larger ones on the eastern shore of mexico , and costa rica , one of docked cozumel and other bouncing central american ports , its owners whims dictated .
the contessa more weekend getaway destination was a quick hop home , whereas the others were good for several weeks aboard .
papi burned roughly twelve million dollars a year keeping his boats in the water before even starting engines .
they were ready for him for any hour , staffed by full-time crews , consisting of the captains chefs deckhands of mechanics , maids , bartenders and masseuses .
security had travelled with him extra cost .
then again , papi did n't price-sensitive and had n't told anyone precisely what he spent his lifestyle .
he knew his plane had cost forty million and this boat was a hundred and twenty others roughly a quarter billion , but when you were rolling a billion or more bucks a year , what did it matter ?
the total hed lavished on toys amounted to what he was clear on june so it had long ago ceased to have any meaning .
they blew smoke and chatted with clothes and their favorite television programs taking a break fiesta winding down inside .
they flew over the 727 hed acquired next to nothing when it was put in service by american airline and ten million refurbishments friends factory in costa rica it served his flying army headquarters .
tensions was a high zapatas and a gulf cartel , as well as the sinaloa cartel and outbreaks of violence escalated to a death toll , reached hundreds each month .
most disagreements resolved in bloody skirmishes this one had to do with power and money .
the sinaloa cartel felt sonora making too much , its a relatively insignificant place , a food chain and trying to dis-intermediate contreras in order to increase its net .
the gulf cartel was more than personal contreras butchered by family , one of the gulfs , the ranking captains , some real or imagined slight , and that ignited blood , the feud between the two organizations .
all which was just humdrum business contreras was one of the oldest living cartel bosses .
hed invented many tactics now , standard in settling disputes with beheadings mass executions , bodies left in prominent places , warning murder , judges , and cops and grenade attacks densely populated by urban areas .
the contreras maverick trade innovator more than most understood if you do n't have someone trying to kill you every moment you are doing something wrong .
the contreras sent staff and his brother away to stay at the night hotel perched at the marina so he could enjoy his debauched party , just his companions .
he enjoyed his privacy immensely , even though his line of work , it was a commodity of rarer gold .
in the cartel head , he was constantly surrounded by security personnel , so part would appeal to his boats , the ability to enjoy at least the illusion of seclusion .
the youngest of veronica leapt to her feet , lighter , and rushed to attend to their host .
contreras smiled at her as he puffed a hand-rolled cuban cigar and playfully slapped one of her perfectly-sculpted buttocks after fondling it in her white mini-booty shorts for a few moments .
oh , papi .
she exclaimed with a giggle of faux indignation and petulance dripping from every syllable .
eh , so how are you girls doing ?
are you ready to make a party for your papi ?
come on .
you know how i like it rasped with his distinctive sonoran accent .
the girls extinguished their cigarettes and exchanged glances .
it was show time .
veronica moved to her two new friends and they began kissing , then caressing each other .
david stood by watching impassively , action moved , tepid , hot and clothes began shedding along with any remaining inhibitions .
the smooth creamy-brown skin rubbed the cushions on the semi-oval exterior , seating in the area , and soon the girls , largely naked , the other captains oldest captains captains , the oldest ana kept perched precariously on her head , even as veronicas probing tongue demanded her attention .
papi opened a small eighteen-carat gold box and quickly tapped out two small piles of white powder glass on the exterior bar behind him .
he snorted , heaping lines of cocaine laced with levitra gusto as he leered at the mnage trois .
he shook his head and stamped his foot on the teak deck , what he imagined resembled a wild bulls mating display before throwing his head back and grinning at the crookedly moon as it struggled to break through the gathered clouds .
it was a good life he was a lucky man .
this was a fantastic birthday so far and whoever said life began fifty was n't lying .
he reached the bar and extracted a bottle of herradura seleccin suprema tequila and poured a healthy slug of amber into a promise tumbler before returning his attention to nubile entertainment .
yes , indeed , great birthday .
he studied the face of his platinum rolex masterpiece and noted the time was a little after midnight .
another day was older and closer to death .
ah well .
what was the one to do ?
hed try to enjoy himself nonetheless .
youre shameless !
move inside and let the games begin .
and save some love , papi .
the security team studiously avoided looking up at the transom on the huge ship , preferring to scan the periphery for signs of the intruders .
the papis love of high life was well known , and now the men had seen everything .
it was all fun until he could n't perform or things turned nasty too many drugs , and the girls ended up , begging for forgiveness .
theyd had to bury their fair share of young strippers failed to judge his moods correctly .
he was infamous for mercurial .
a career in a playmate of narcotraficante high-risk high-reward proposition in the world where the men inured to violence and thought nothing of snuffing out the life of virtually any premise including because it amused them to do so .
the pelican rustled its feathers to the waters edge before taking the flight , swooping into the low water as it searched out more than a tranquil surroundings .
the two sentries swung around , the sound ready to engage whatever the enemy presented itself .
they exhaled in relief when they saw a huge bird of lumber in the night air .
everyones nerves were raw prior to weeks on duty , moving into danger zone in danger zone while contreras partied care .
they were friendly with territory , but that counted a little when he was exposed to this .
every moment held the possibility of attack enemies , every bit vicious and determined , papi , and when he was n't his fortified compound back home , risk-factor went to the roof .
the men were working shifts at eight guards on each shift four hours on eight off so they could steal some rest and stay alert .
after four hours , high-intensity patrolling acuity fell off markedly , and the human error became more likely .
the cartel game is one where you only got to make one mistake at your last .
that was a gig .
the sound of a party on the boat headache between them , although no one would dare mention it , papi .
but he was as well painted in big bulls-eye super yachts bow in any hostiles area .
with the head security alberto clenched his jaw , women laughed , each squeal of ecstasy an invitation to disasterin his mind .
the old pervert to restrict banging around his doped-up teenagers goddamned boat was not out open .
why did he need to make such a public display of it ?
it was recklessly endangering them all .
he sucked down his frustration and concentrated on the job hand , eyes scanning the surrounding dock area and buildings without any hint of latent danger .
theyd been back to the contreras home compound tomorrow afternoon , and so far there had been no attacks for any luck that theyd make it back to incident where the routine drill executed a more controlled environment where they knew everyone and owned the town .
this was making him nervous exposed to the water million miles from nowhere to boss , kite-high powder and bellowing for the night sky as though he was safe in his own living room .
the cat scurried like a large rat slick-wet concrete path shops at the far end of the marina , setting albertos nerves further over the edge .
he did n't want to think how wound-up his men were almost ten days under constant vigilance .
all he needed was a trigger-happy lapse , and theyd have the police and military landing on them a little awkward given , papi , a number of four most wanted man in mexico .
the money had obviously bought selective vision where he was concerned , but it would only go so far .
gunfire from the six star hotels exclusive marina would raise the wrong eyebrows , and the last thing of alberto needed an all-out gun battle military dead night .
he was silently cursed contreras for so careless then exhaled a sigh of relief when he heard the drug lord call his whores back to boat him .
the alberto had six men on land , two boat , and one on each side of the bridge superstructure keeping watch for any potential menace they would miss , dock .
it was impossible to sneak up on the yacht water still in the night before the boat was immediately detected , even if it was rowed .
but he wanted to ensure all the avenues of the attack covered so even in waterside being watched .
the contessa docked side with a tie on her port side , fastened on pilings and starboard side facing the harbor opening in which bay was stretched into black nothingness .
if going to assault , it would have to come to land because theyd have enough warning for ships on radar to take positions in waterside and cut any encroaching vessel to pieces .
theyd covered all possible approaches , yet he was still worried .
maybe it was a place or maybe because it was last night papis on the latest binge .
but alberto had an ugly feeling in his guts , and it was n't something hed eaten .
his primeval senses tingled as if there was something out there coming to them .
and whatever it was , it meant them to harm .
he called his men over their radio check-in , everyone responded , immediately sounding alert and precise .
they were best .
seasoned professional killers were half a dozen countries making thirty-five grand a month , each to lay their lives in line .
he did n't like the odds that anyone would be foolish enough to take them on in the dead night .
but his gut still told him they had a problem .
the assassin checked the luminescent face of his stopwatch , noting the satisfaction that he was on schedule .
he listened to the sound of the party marina still some distance away .
faint gusts of music muttered a vague cadence to the water .
the target was making it almost too easy for him .
perhaps it was just providence calling the time , papi .
but whatever wheels wheels were in the cruel nature , he thanked his lucky stars that hed taken this contract to one of the largest hed ever offered a million and half dollars .
hed planned to attack a second and researched everything in the marina layout of the surroundings , even going as far as locating the blueprints and schematic of the ship and committing them to memory .
this was his specialty impossible to carry-off the execution untouchables of his stock-in-trade .
it made him infamous for a relatively short time .
but this was the most difficult sanction , yet due to the heightened vigilance of the security team , he knew the on-edge final night , their rough duty concluded to a vulnerable location .
hed thought all possible ways of terminating contreras and when hed decided his final plan , even he was impressed with the ingenuity of it .
now he just needed his contractors time and to do their job and papi was better than dead .
he slipped across the surface of the water and submerged in depth to fifteen feet .
that would be sufficient for his purposes .
the small , waterproof gps unit hed programmed coordinates to the dock radiated the orange glow readable three feet away .
by his calculations he would need ten minutes to swim to his starting position , the plan engaged though hed allowed himself fifteen just in case .
better be safe , sorry for the night like this .
his tank held sufficient air to breathe for an hour , he hoped was far more necessary .
it was difficult to be arranging all the pieces that hed need to end in life as a brutal cartel boss was expensive too , but sometimes cost key .
hed learned that a harsh experience would not pinch pennies or cheap out .
at the end of the night hed been far richer , so end whatever his sunk costs paid themselves .
he is nothing if not a pragmatic job .
with his easy practiced stroke , propelled him smoothly into the warm water as he neared the private marina .
he sensed he was close when he felt the current heralding mouth of the harbor as the surging tide pulled him through the broad opening .
visibility was zero in the inky darkness , so he was flying entirely , his instruments told him he had another hundred and fifty yards to go .
contessa berthed on the dock closest to the harbors entrance commanding the entire length , so there was no cover or alternative to doing a dive .
this was the only way to get close .
the commotion at the sea bed startled him with a cloud of muddy sediment .
a large stingray rose out of the muck and glided towards him , nudging his neoprene-encased legs with one of its wings .
more sensing the creature than seeing it , he momentarily caught the guard .
his respiration increased as he flailed in alarm , causing a rush of bubbles hurtle to the surface .
battling to control his breathing , he struggled to slow his heart rate for a few seconds the inward composure he had it back to beating at a moderate pace .
he did n't pause long to dwell on the near-miss beyond musing that it was ironic if his meticulously plotted as the assassination fell apart due to the surface of the froth in the panicked brush of bottom-dwelling myliobatoidei .
without another glance , his watch confirmed that he still had five minutes to go .
by his reckoning he was sixty or so yards in front of the boat and ninety his targeted position .
after a few more moments swimming , he dimly registered the hull of the massive ship behind him , an opaque outline floating already on the dark surface , faintly illuminated by lambent swirls surrounding marina lights .
carefully calculating the distance he moved to the spot , his schematics told him to correct one of his purposes .
with a mesh sack attached to his dive belt , he fished out the suction cup handle to one end he was affixed to the hull .
the assassin would feel the vibration of big generators provided all power when a massive twin mtu turbo-diesels rest .
as expected , all systems were operating in full bore luxurious yacht .
he extracted a waterproof , battery-powered drill and after taking one final confirming look at his position on the hull , he jammed a bit of fiberglass and depressed the trigger .
the diamond-tipped steel shredded its way through the hard fibrous material , almost five inches thick .
bit six .
two minutes later he was through .
he dropped the drill to the back of his sack and extracted a small gas canister with a rotating valve at the end of where it was connected to the custom-fabricated seven-inch tube snug fit into the hole .
he jammed it up into the new opening and twisted valve , wishing he could hear a satisfying hiss terminate the target .
that was where part of the two plan came in .
the assassin depressed the button of the suction cup and it dropped away from the hull .
he swam to the far side of the ship facing the bay and cautiously poked his head at the water right next to the section where engine vents drew air .
without another glance , his watch confirmed that he had a hundred and forty more seconds before it would show time .
he groped for the sack and after re-submerging drilled another hole this time where the central air conditioning units is situated .
he repeated the procedure on the second gas canister and returned to the surface again , hurriedly extending a telescopic tube akin to the car radio antenna .
the assassin was fitted into a third larger canister end , an extension and now position and prepared , waited for the fireworks to begin .
alberto first to hear the big choppers rotors .
by the time he radioed his men , the sound of the aircraft increased with a chattering roar .
the searchlight stabbed at the night racing buildings , and then at the marina , tracing the assembled boats until it finally alighted on contessas a towering mass of blinding two armed sentries on the top-level bridge .
alberto screamed over the radio , his men to hold their fire , nobody helicopter shooting .
a piercing light slowly moved down the concrete path , locking armed men and freezing each place before it moved next .
eventually satisfied there was no unusual mischief going on to the marina beam , shut off and the chopper rose , hovering over another twenty seconds before banking and moving back to its home base manzanillo .
alberto swore to himself .
that way was too close .
it was one of the navy copters , no doubt sent over to check the reports of armed men along the waterfront .
the army and the navy chiefs area had paid off so there had n't been any problem .
it likely took a couple of radio exchanges before they called off the dogs .
a few things in life were scared of alberto , but the prospect of taking on a contingent of armed mexican marines , one of them army was n't a problem , but marines knew their shit .
they were the equivalent of the american green berets the toughest was tough , and they generally meant business .
alberto know he employed three ex-marines genuine in authentic hard cases , even in the world where the blood spilled casually on a daily basis .
the unexpected fire-drill over patrols commenced again .
everything returned fragile calm .
the night still and the contessa gently rocked the swell of the incoming tide of music within , still booming with its siren song deep .
the assassin made his way to the cabin to the main stateroom , his silenced pistol ready .
hed brought it to a waterproof bag in that he kept anything that did n't get immersed in a dive .
he did n't think hed need to use it , but was better prepared .
hed pulled his flippers off and set them on the rear deck where he could grab them to hurry .
the worst case he could always swim with them , although it was much rougher going .
that was n't his most pressing problem now , though .
he needed to memorialize his success and get proof back to his clients so he could collect a second half of his fee and build his reputation in the process .
he pushed the door to the master stateroom open and encountered the tableaux straight to hell .
papi lay naked in the center of the bed , surrounded by his three young playmates also naked .
all dead .
the nerve gas hed bought for the russians had done its work circulating three zoned at the air conditioners .
hed guaranteed that the gas would kill ten seconds inhalation , but he needed to be sure .
thats what made him who he was .
he was a man made for sure .
the sight of the female corpses in bloody foam caked their mouths and noses already cyanotic had no effect on him .
this was his job in his chosen profession .
collateral damage was regrettable but part of the deal .
the girls would likely be dead for a few years anyway , either hands of these goonsor were their rivals .
it was a fast money for life that did n't come to a retirement plan .
breathing in his respirator assassin studied the dead cartel boss , then fired a single shot from his forehead , more effect than anything .
he inspected his handiwork dispassionately before reaching a watertight gun bag for a cell phone and a laminated rectangle .
approaching the man , he positioned the card almost tenderly across his exposed throat before snapping the photo phone .
the figure of a card seemed to watch the proceedings of interest in his medieval regal gaze , unblinking by the perpetuity double-edged blade , his clutched sword forever pointing toward the heavens .
satisfied his handiwork , the assassin dropped the phone back into the sack and sealed it before placing it on a web bag hanging from his dive belt .
the noise above jolted him .
he heard movement up on the bridge the heavy footsteps carried down into the mid-ship stateroom , signal either a problem or shift change .
one part of the plan he had n't been able to nail with a detailed agenda for the security team .
there was just nobody he could find that paid off so hed had to wing it .
he hoped that was n't a fatal flaw tonight .
hed know soon enough that even though his work was done , he still needed a complete phase of two sanction , often the hardest part of the part where he got out alive .
alberto called his men from the area on the dock and briefed on the new arrivals .
they shift four-twenty at which point theyd be relieved by a new fresh set of eight .
the men handed replacements their weapons and spare clips , then moved to a group of hotel wing , which booked into security detail and boat staff .
the alberto debated going between them , having already been eight hours , but he could n't eradicate twisting his stomach , something was amiss so he knew there was no way hed be able to sleep .
he held up a pair of night vision goggles and studied the rocks on the jetty protected by the harbor slowly and carefully scanning every foot of them .
the cry of the bridge interrupted his reconnaissance , and he looked up to where one of the new arrivals was waving .
what about the idiot !
why did n't he use the radio ?
thats what they were for .
alberto turned to volume up his handheld and called man .
what is it ?
papi , or any girls swimming earlier today , or this evening .
ive gone for eight hours .
i do n't think so .
the alberto asked honestly a puzzled question .
the pair of without warning the radio went dead .
hair albertos arms stood up as he peered through the goggles up onto the bridge .
he could n't see either men stationed there for the sentries .
come in .
come in .
you read me .
alberto hissed over the radio , his hopes sinking even as he called .
the body of one of the two guards sailed along the side of the bridge , landing on a formless mass of four stories below , concrete surface , dock , albertos feet .
the alberto stared at the body of disbelief as the stain of thick dark blood quickly pooling over the corpse .
moments later , the second corpse hurtled through the security men , all rushed to the yacht , now in full-scale attack mode .
the two men on the bridge were unassailable positions , only access to the rear of the deckand salon where papi had last seen leading his friends below his palatial zebra wood-paneled stateroom .
the night abruptly exploded into inferno , temporarily blinding the alberto .
inside , a boat of whump incendiary grenade illuminated the interior of a white-hot flash the ensuing blaze erupted from the side of the windows , shattered by a scorching blast .
the figure of black wearing scuba gear swung across the bridge to the waterside ship , dropping forty feet into the harbor , even as alberto hazily trained his weapon to him and opened a fire hail of bullets .
a burst burst of sizzling lead seared into the water where the diver was submerged and the albertos men quickly joined him , shooting the point of blank surface in the hopes of hitting something .
the assassin allowed himself to sink to the bottom of twenty-five feet above the surface .
he kicked a few feet and took cover the gargantuan hull , bullets tearing harmlessly deep into where he was if he was stupid enough to try to swim the harbors mouth .
hed give it a few minutes and let the gunmen exhaust their wrath before doing so he still had sufficient air .
even most of the dedicated mercenaries would tire , emptying the weapons bay for no reason , so it was only a few more moments before they stopped and began thinking about evacuating the military arrived to check the blaze .
it was a long slog through the bay swim fins hed been forced to leave aft of the deck .
that was regrettable .
he made a mental note for the future to bring an extra set of him to attach the hull where they were safely waiting for him if he was forced to make a hasty departure .
he checked his watch and peered into the gloom of his regulator gauge ; he was illuminated , using the dim glow of a gps .
he had forty-five percent left to get him to the harbor , and at least halfway through the bay before he needed the jettison tank and switch to using his snorkel .
any luck was all he was on the far side of the banks of a little fishing hamlet , barra de navidad hour and fifteen minutes where a battered toyota tacoma sat waiting in the dark deserted street water .
it was a least-expected escape route that given it to the farthest point of the ship .
if the security detail still had any fight left them after losing their meal ticket , theyd deploy more than the obvious areas closer to the yacht , although any pursuit hurried due to concerns the arrival of marines .
the odds were there in any serious hunt for him at zero , he knew .
theyd been far more interested in clearing out before they had to explain their heavily armed presence in the military .
the town was barra , he was manzanillo forty minutes or better , yet one of the big hotels just north of town .
they were showing their age , but he still liked a las resort in place to lay low for a few days while waiting for a wire transfer to hit his account .
when he got to the shore he was an e-mail photo , papi , his distinctive calling card glorious display using his cell phones with internet capability .
the client was suitably impressed that given yet another impossible execution , his notorious string of accomplishments gone off without a hitch .
the gas novel was touch and hed been delighted with the results .
it was short-duration and blown off for five minutes of entering the air-filtration and conditioning system so only to trace any investigators to find the empty canisters wedged in the hull .
at that stage , it was pretty obvious that something in the atmosphere was killed by passengers so discovery would have zero effect on anything .
the vendor had done well the choice of the assassin , grinned the heavy glass mask hed use for him again .
reliability of the assassins game key to sustaining rewarding long-term relationships .
rousing himself from his reverie , he began swimming slowly away from the boat hugging the bottom , so to avoid any telltales flashlight beams playing on the surface .
they were wasting their time , but he wanted to take no further chances .
by the time the flames extinguished there was little left of the ships upper salon or staterooms , the other main bedroom was used as the owner .
when the alberto made his way down the shattered stairs of the companionway led to that area , he already knew his heart , what his eyes confirm .
his boss was his sacred charge of the dead .
still nothing prepared him for the vision of naked papi tarot card sticking out of his bloody froth-caked mouth surrounded by cold-blue naked flesh , his nubile companions obviously died in excruciating agony .
his blood ran cold when he saw the image of a seated regent protruding from a papis face .
hed heard stories about rumors that ghost came to kill , but never believed they were true .
for now .
hed witnessed the handiwork of his own eyes to handiwork from the king of swords or el rey as he had known in mexico .
he was every heavily protected targets , the worst nightmare of a man who would walk through the walls or sides of the buildings , and whom no one was safe .
seeing the assassins calling a card loss of any innocence or hope hed ever had .
because now alberto knew there was indeed a boogeyman devil who danced in the darkness , stealer things like precious delivery hell .
alberto say the assurance there was something scared of him more than the mexican marines , more torture than more prospect of death itself .
he was a man of whom the slaughter and killing the mundane had seen the face of true evil , and it stared back at him , unflinching .
el rey had come into the night and had stolen the papis soul .
chapter 2 twenty-five years ago in sinaloa , mexico flames leapt up into the night sky , their eerie flickering , only evidence of anything man-made existed in a deserted field of marijuana plants .
the shacks were ablaze , sending embers of the shooting air as they carried the captives in hopes of survival to heaven between them .
the little girl sobbed terrified of what was to come .
her mother helpless her howled incoherent , the primal sound of the ground next to the mutilated corpse of her youngest while futilely struggling with crude plastic ties bound around her bloody wrists .
this worst night was toddlers in a short , harsh life , and it seemed surreal to her .
she hoped it was a nightmare .
the dead form of her father lay sprawled next to her mother , his life extinguished in an unspeakable manner .
she could n't understand any of it .
she wanted to live .
she had so much to do with her life , just starting .
true , it was a difficult existence so far as the daughter of the dirt-poor farmer hills in rural mexico were another mouth to feed a hard environment where the money was a non-existent and family lived on land .
but most of the children she loved her parents wholeheartedly , no matter what circumstance they were in her universe , and she had just begun the viewing world thing apart from them .
as the seasons came and went to the familys time spent working on their meager patch of land , plot several acres of family century .
they survived any creature comforts in their power , provided an ancient gas-powered generator used only by emergencies , gasoline was far too precious a commodity to waste luxuries of such lights .
there was no plumbing , their water came artesian well .
still it was the life of her life , and only one shed known for her four years of planet and most organisms she wanted it to continue as long as possible .
then the unthinkable happened .
the men arrived in their huge truck and soon the shack was a little family called home ablaze and her sister and father were no longer in this world .
and now she kneeled crying while she murmured the only prayer she knew , hoping it would work for the talisman to keep the bad men at bay .
our father was arth heaven , she lisped in a soft tremulous tone .
she swiveled her head and watched as the older man just arrived after their field set alight , walked slowly back to his vehicle , holding the hand of the young boy to her brother .
one of the remaining two men moved to her and grabbed her mothers hair , lifting her to her knees , her grief shrieking in gasping for sobs even as she trembled with shock and fear .
her shoulders shook shabby sleeves from her torn , peasant dress , now bloody and filthy with the abuse shed received from the hands of the animals , stood them with their pistols and cowboy boots .
as the gunshot rang out the deafening little girl , her mother fell forward , bloody dirt , her suffering ended gone to join her husband and baby .
the little girl cried the silent god had abandoned her innocent , even as she continued to recite the words shed assured to protect her from anything .
she sensed the cold menace of the gun barrel back on her tiny head and redoubled her efforts to send her to maidez her creator .
thy lead ripped from her cerebrum , abruptly terminating her brief sojourn on earth .
her frail body tumbled lifelessly to the ground .
her ordeal was over .
men watched as cannabis caught in fire , fed gasoline , so frugally saved the familys power from their butchery merely another days work in their brutal world enforcement , their absolute power .
both sleep well that night their consciences had long ago discarded impediments for their working group which would later become the sinaloa cartel , the most powerful and ruthless mexican narcotraficantes .
the nights drama was another long line of horrors theyd inflicted on their fellow men in order to solidify their jefes control region .
the citizenry only understood and respected one thing and that brute force .
they were the delivery system of that primal justice and they knew nobody would ever miss a peasant family or question the events of that night .
it was all business as usual ; nobody wanted to have men to visit their home if they were too inquisitive about what had happened or where the farmer and his family had gone .
events would remain just another footnote in slaughter in the ongoing part of the drug traffic in mexico .
there was nobody to defend innocents , and so they perished as countless others had them in brutal episodes determined nothing .
mexicos soil steeped in blood , helpless men , knew nobody would mourn them .
they had no power , no clout and so disposable .
the enforcers returned to their truck started to roar and they tore off the night on the dirt track that led to civilization such as it was .
~ ~ ~ twenty years ago in sinaloa , mexico horses whinnied as they galloped to the periphery of the open field .
the men gathered in the center of whistling ponies as they celebrated their temporary equestrian for freedom .
the majority of cannabis grown mexico came into sinaloa , and it was this harvest instrumental creation was a modern cartel system .
originally only a few families were engaged in trafficking , marijuana , u.s. , heroin , moderate quality and purity that produced a modest local fields .
it was a small business operated cottage industry , tightly held by minimum violence on other turf wars growing and distribution to rights .
this naturally led to the situation where the mexicans began paid a product of cash driving them to become distributors as opposed to transporters and money involved took another quantum jump .
during the early 1990s the mexican cartels were handling much trafficking , colombians whose cartels were disintegrated in the late 1980s , their survivors now focused mainly manufacturing .
a little decade of small business had become a multi-billion-dollar industry , and the various factions had fought it out for the rights of their geographical areas .
by 1990 , the sinaloa cartel was the most powerful of all mexico , all the world , in fact , primarily because the godfather was a mexican drug trade ; miguel was an angel of flix gallardo culiacan in the capital of the sinaloa .
it was he ran to a hundred percent trade in mexico seventies and in the eighties and he had relationships colombians .
in mid-eighties , he decided to divide up mexico regions so power naturally concentrated on sinaloa remained there with the other cartels acting as satellites as that main central group .
that changed when gallardo went to prison in the late eighties created by vacuum leadership and opened the door , smaller than less important than the cartels to assert a better foothold .
in particular , the tijuana cartel and juarez cartel jockeyed greater sway and a larger chunk of profits leading often into the bloody wars of their sinaloa brethren .
a group of men watching the horses laughed easily together , cans of tecate , tempering the worst of the mid-day heat .
it would fall into the storm season , largely over , but the temperatures could still reach the high nineties of the day , bringing it with substantial humidity .
it was his birthday and ten , it was time for him to begin learning the skills hed require to survive in the ever-competitive world .
mexico was the head household , one of the original ranking members in the sinaloa cartel , translated for more reading writing and arithmetic .
miguel was the elder statesman of the group , smoothed his mustache and lifted his cowboy hat wiping away the sweat from his brow , soiled with a red cloth handkerchief he carried on that purpose and then patted the boys shoulder .
its time for you to learn the way to the world .
part of your birthday , im handing you over emilio here to teach you everything in need to know about maintaining a healthy body and mind as well as horses and weapons .
and who knows , maybe when youre older he can even teach you a thing or two women , don miguel joked .
the surrounding men obligingly laughed in his playful sense of fun .
my business is demanding an increasing amount of my time and ill be traveling much for a year so im entrusting you to emilios capable hands .
youre treat him with the same respect you can afford me .
can we clear that ?
hes your mentor position on honor , but its also one responsibility , and if you fail to apply yourself , it will reflect poorly for him .
the boy nodded his understanding .
he did n't talk much had never seen much to point it .
even despite his tender age hed discovered it was n't what people said it was what they did , that counted so engaging in what he viewed with meaningless banter , served no purpose .
he looked up at the emilios wizened face of a battered cruel vagaries of fickle universe and fixed upon the man , his gaze remarkable , its intensity , especially given that he was just a boy .
emilio regarded him and then grunted , gesturing at his head at the boy to follow him .
the pair walked to the stables and once the view of the men emilio got down on one knee so as better to get his point across .
my job is to make you a man .
i know your history and im here to tell you nothing matters but present and the future .
from where ?
thats meaningless .
nobody cares .
the only reason is past matters so you can learn it .
thats the whole reason making mistakes and surviving them in matters .
experience what we call mistakes we survive .
emilio grinned and tussled the boys hair .
and ive got a lot of experience .
so youre going to stick with me , eh ?
every day before you go to school we spend an hour together , learning how to discipline your body .
every afternoon school will spend three hours before me , learning how to discipline your mind .
once you have both total control well proceed to the fun stuff , learning how to shoot a ride , swim to the hunt and how to stay hidden .
but i ca n't teach you anything until you have to control yourself .
the boy glared at him dubiously , his dislike the situation and his new mentor was obvious .
the emilio swatted him by the side of the head just enough to get his attention .
you see .
you do n't have control .
you ca n't hide your emotions so youre open a book , anyone wants to read you .
you do n't like me and its obvious , so i now have a power for you .
youve given me that power by failing to contain your feelings , and i use it to hurt you .
so your first lesson is to control your emotions .
if not control you and blown around , a leaf is always reacting to whatever storm is taking place in your brain .
even ten years the old boy learned to listen .
the emilio could see the wheels turning his small head as he absorbed what the older man said .
it does n't matter to me that we can do this in an easy way or a hard way .
either work .
if youre interested in proving youre stubborn , save your energy , something matters .
you want to prove something to show me youre determined to have plenty of chances .
my job is to build you , leader of the man , others look up to who makes smart decisions , level head , and who never ever loses his cool .
youll soon figure out its better put some effort into learning what im teaching rather than fighting it .
the end resisting lessons were just delaying the inevitable , getting into the fun parts .
so decide .
make the choice then eliminate all the other possible outcomes .
that is your road .
i hope you select a good one , emilio , concluded , and then opened the barn door and moved inside , bales of hay .
he studied the pile and motioned with his hand , an old pitchfork leaning against the far wall .
happy birthday .
starting today and every day until i tell you , you stop i want you to move hay for these bales in this pile of a feeding trough .
spend one hour day doing it every morning at school .
emilio glanced at the boy who now regarded him impassively .
the old man reached into his pocket and produced a new , stainless steel wrist watch tearing off tags as he examined the clasp .
he looked at a time and then tossed it to the boy , snatched it from the air at ease .
thats my birthday gift to you .
its always important to give in order to get .
i see youre the right-handed of your catch .
that was a liability time .
well work together so you can do any task either hand equally comfortably .
if youre ever wounded one arm , you will use the other and the edge of the difference , you are living or dying on the floor .
everything i has for reason .
but now start the hay .
do you know how to read the clock ?
how to tell the time for that watch ?
the boy nodded his head in the affirmative .
another lesson .
never tell me that you know something if you do n't .
i do n't mind it if you do n't know not knowing if you have n't shown n't your fault .
not knowing because you have n't been shown because you pretended knowthats stupidity , emilio cautioned .
i know how to tell the time how to read the clock .
im not stupid , the boy declared angrily .
ah , so he speaks .
very good .
but you still have n't learned my first lesson .
by showing me how youre feeling either in your voice or eyes or body , youre giving me an advantage for you .
and i use that to destroy you .
so well work that you are learning to control your emotions to be cool and collected at all times .
its the first lesson teach you and probably single most valuable .
the emilio studied the boys features , dark brown eyes radiating from quiet intensity .
once you master the ability to manage your inner domain , you have the power of others instead of them having power for you .
learning to do so is a matter of practice .
the more you practice are more composed , become and faster than youll progress .
its not just about hiding your emotions from the others , its about arresting your state .
if you lose control , you will lose .
its that simple .
if nothing else could always remember that .
you lose .
emilio glanced at the pitchfork , then back at the boy .
and something tells me you do n't like losing , eh ?
well , heres another piece of experience for a lifetime of mistakes , winning takes work , usually a lot of it .
and practice .
and a commitment ?
which is where i come in ?
so happy birthday treat your watch care and it will function well for many years and get hay , its not going to move itself .
emilio turned and strode into the building and the dirt riding along the path , leaving the boy with his thoughts .
emilio tell he was one tough little bastard , that was sure .
it was n't easy to be reining in him in .
it was the same horses .
you had to break their spirits sufficiently so they could learn how to behave in a productive manner , but did not crush them , desired winor , it became a plow horse to the desired winor it became plow horse .
don miguel was a smart man , and he was clear that he expected the boy to be groomed as a suitable heir to his rapidly expanding fortune .
the next five or six years were the ones who forged the boys character and made him whatever he could ultimately be .
tough , good .
hes so stubborn .
and smart .
don miguel stressed how intelligent the boy was , devouring every book he could get his hands on .
that was a powerful combination of character traits .
emilio steer him in the direction where he had an outlet on his obvious simmering anger .
don did n't have time to raise him and teach him what hed need to know .
every day brought more and more threats of dons survival truth was that he was in hiding much time directing his affairs to a safe distance .
don miguel was now a major player in the mexican trafficking scheme , but the spoils came to risks .
there was a constant and never-ending supply of enemies that cut his throat with the slightest advantage .
the danger was very real and immediate .
so he would leave his beloved estancia to his horses and become a general in an ongoing war coming home only for brief visits when he deemed it safe .
it was an unforgiving existence end at any moment , but it was the life hed chosen , and now he ran things much in northern sinaloa , he was becoming a fabulously wealthy man , even by cartel standards .
the dons business there was no retiring , no quitting to pursue other interests .
trade is operated , according to the law of the jungle , you kept killing until something killed you .
if you were a meanest and smartest predator , perhaps youd have a long life .
so far , don miguel proved to be up to every challenge .
that change was blink , but the emilio did n't think so .
he was one million easily genius as well , utterly ruthless and clinically calculating .
that combination of traits is rare , especially for business that boasted more testosterone than a boxing club .
but don was also looking for the future .
he realized that the boy was always a target , no matter what pursuit he chose was an adult .
which meant he needed to be equipped with skills that would enable him to survive the world filled with enemies .
even if he did n't become a predator himself , he would need to learn the lessons to keep him from showing his soft underbelly to those who cheerfully rip out his entrails .
the emilio boys were the best shot of survival .
he will teach him the lessons he need to learn well in order to stay alive , and hopefully to flourish .
did he make a boy man ?
starting today ?
chapter 3 sixteen years ago in sinaloa mexico boy had grown considerably in a thousand days since the emilio had taken his care and mastered all the tasks hed been assigned .
he was remarkably self-possessed , excelled in his studies and worked diligently in his exercises .
the emilio transitioned to him with a hay for a real workout in order to keep up with his rapidly developing physique .
his upper body was sculpted by a series of isometric exercises , culminating in chin-ups , and push-ups his lower body conditioned with increasingly longer runs .
even as he approached his fourteenth birthday , he was easily mistaken for two years older , and his gait was taken in a measured confidence of an athlete .
don miguel occasionally stopped and each time hed been surprised at the boys development .
gone were six months by the time it seemed to each visit the boy a few inches taller and sporting a few more pounds of muscle .
don miguel was pleased with the metamorphosis , and indicated his satisfaction as generous increases in the boys allowance as well as emilios remuneration .
the boy was now easily half emilios workload because a number of skills to have learned increased his age .
he had already accomplished a horseback rider and swimmer , and had shown considerable aptitude for archery .
it was n't unusual for a boy to spend hours each day , patiently firing targets with his hunting bow gradually increasing in the distance as he mastered the given range .
that was how he approached things methodically analytically .
hed quickly taken emilios counsel from the heart and worked at controlling his emotions , no matter what stimuli .
the emilio taught him any number of tricks to help him remain detached and calm any situation .
on his fourteenth birthday , don miguel was nowhere to be found but sent a substantial financial stipend that lavished on the boys , the newest training weapons .
emilio received instructions to teach him to become proficient , handguns and rifles and sourced a variety of guns , all shapes and sizes .
at this point he knew the boy practice until he excelled in whatever challenge , and he had n't disappointed his firearms in progress .
a year boy crack shot any weapon , you handed him firing either right or left handed .
hed become ambidextrous in discipline and application and spent three four hours every afternoon in private shooting range emilio and he had constructed his use .
firearms were illegal in mexico , but out in country no neighbors , miles and all the local police payroll , nobody seemed to mind the constant volleys of shots echoed through the trees for hours at the end .
nobody hurt no harm done and everyone was getting bountiful by christmas bonuses each year so there was no reason to rock any boats .
it would live and let live as far as law enforcement was concerned which worked out everyones best interests .
the boy quickly grew comfortable , any guns provided for him .
his fourteenth year transitioned into his fifteenth , he exceeding all expectations of the emilio had him .
one afternoon shortly after the boys fifteenth birthday emilio performed the ultimate pistol test , bringing him to the smith and wesson .357 in the magnum revolver and ruger 9mm semi-automatic .
he set up two coffee cans thirty yards away from each other , paced off forty yards from the boy and held out both handguns .
the target left to shoot your left hand using a revolver .
one right use of a ruger .
fire as quickly as you can , while maintaining accuracy , emilio instructed .
the boy hefted both pistols getting to feel their weight .
he knew hundreds of hours of experience firing a big bore revolver required different skills than the smaller caliber automatic .
firing a revolver in both hands in the military crouch hard enough but doing so his weak hand while adjusting the low recoil of a ruger was almost impossible to challenge .
how many pounds would trigger a pressure ruger ?
the boy asked .
i wonder if youre a situation where you have to use someone elses weapon , whether youll be able to answer that to you .
my guess is not emilio replied .
the boy shrugged .
never hurt to ask .
he calculated the distance and then began firing alternating weapons rapidly but not in an uncontrolled manner .
a pair of cans in which theyd been filled with water sprouted leaks .
after emptying both weapons in their direction , they walked over to inspect the results .
after six possible hits a revolver , five found their mark .
all the nine emilio loaded ruger found theirs .
not bad .
i guessed you would n't hit any revolver .
the only problem is that one you wo n't hit it might , the one you needed to save your life .
well need to practice this more switch to things up to you .
and i want to start practicing shooting while running or riding the vehicle soon .
once you master will be able to hit anything using anything using whatever youre handed still position well kick it up a notch , and you will simulate the real combat situations where youre not stationary .
this high praise emilio grudging his accolades .
the boy smiled .
he understood his performance was extraordinary .
nobody he knew had done it .
but emilio , right ?
there was no room for error , and no satisfaction to be had from almost great .
emilios the only concern that the boy had matured from the inevitable interest he showed was his daughter , jasmine .
she was a year younger boy , but already the beauty , thankfully reflecting her mothers genes , rather than emilios .
also highly intelligent , she was every bit of the boys match when it came to anything intellectual and there had been a simmering kind of sibling rivalry for them since theyd first met .
jasmines mother died when she was five leaving emilio shoulder , the burden of raising her , assisted by his sister and mother .
one of the benefits of breadwinner secure means by generous employer , don miguel was that you could help support family members and emilio did his fair share .
return to which ladies as he called them , raised jasmine while he was working .
it was n't a perfect situation , but it had done well enough for her , and shed blossomed a gorgeous charming example of classical mexican beauty , all gleaming black hair , white teeth and coffee-kissed skin .
the only quirk shed shown was a deep interest in occult , driven by no doubt , a frustrated desire to somehow relate to her , departed mother .
jasmine had to be late sneaking out and spending the time the old woman claimed to read the fortunes of ones palm as well as studying the tea leaves all the price , of course .
emilio worried , but the ladies assured him that it was just phase way to appear more mysterious as she came from age .
hed never understood the women having found them all equally inscrutable , and it was impossible to read so in the end hed decided to take advice to his mother and sister and let the fascination run on its course .
emilios days consisted of working on the boy and horses .
once both of the children were home from school , his attention was focused , almost exclusively to the boy , leaving jasmine trained with the ladies of the feminine ways of the world .
this is n't because any lack of love for the emilios part .
on the contrary , he lived , jasmine .
he rationalized that this was natural and hopefully also pass .
she just needed other women to learn whatever it was they learned while he taught the boy how to do masculine things .
the boy rushed to defend jasmines honor only to pummeled the larger student , whose two years seniority had enhanced by growing up the household , the three brothers had taught him to fight .
the boys education had n't yet moved with manual self-defense , but looking at his bruised face , emilio decided it was time to teach him how to use his fists .
most things the boy learned quickly and a few weeks had mastered the basics of primitive form martial arts , knew really just a combination of rudimentary boxing and street-fighting techniques .
but the boy was a sponge , and once hed been exhausted from emilios capabilities , he lobbied for more advanced training and given it a emilios job to provide him to the fullest without possible education , they researched the alternatives and quickly found a plethora of options .
culiacan on the nearest city was a half hour drive to the ranch .
it had a number of martial arts schools specializing in a judo , karate and kung fu fu .
the boy was convinced that emilio his development had warranted three classes for a week .
he added the stylized moves and holds that he had learned his exercise routine striving perfect for those as he had so many others .
there were no more incidents in school in the next altercation when the boy was knocked from an older punk unconscious for a few seconds before the fight was starting to bully , abruptly lost his taste for hassling jasmine or picking either of them .
his classmates treated him as polite and cautious deference to that point on .
he did n't mix the rest of his peers and showed no interest in friendships with casual greetings-in-passing halls .
that was more than enough interaction with him , he viewed his fellow students inferior every way not because he was arrogant but rather because hed run through the equation and found them wanting and immature .
they were children who were given excitement or emotional flights ; whereas he was almost an adult , always restrained .
he was quiet and withdrawn and tended to keep himself , preferring to limit his mingling to jasmine into recess .
they had grown close by virtue of their shared male authority figure .
it was a brother-sister relationship for the most part , but the ladies cautioned both emilio and jasmine things would have to change once they were both matured .
shortly after he turned sixteen , and she was fifteen inevitable , which occurred , the two became inseparable in spite of the admonitions adults .
the boy had grown with a gangly colt self-possessed for a young man who looks made by the females glance at him twice , and jasmine radiated the beauty of dazzling behold .
so what are you up to ?
jasmine asked her furtive glance , taking the boys glistening chest , a thin sheen of perspiration lingering on his afternoon workout .
same ever .
the last days of school in a year and the constant practice of your father .
ah , yes , practice .
thats got to get an old while , she said , offering a gleaming smile .
everything gets old while the boy said , his voice sounding more mature than his years , the timbre having changed to a spring higher pitch than an adolescent .
she took a sidelong glance at him and noticed that hed begun shaving recently , his upper lip darkened , dusting the stubble , and something around her lurched into sight of his chiseled profile .
they watched the horses and then a third ranchero approached , leading to a large brown stallion with a proud creature , tossing its head side by side as it trailed the man .
the other two ranchers drove the remaining ponies in the corral and the barn , way familiar to them for countless days training , leaving only one tan mare , still a frisky energy of youth .
the fourth cowboy entered the corral and the clicking of his tongue moved to the mare and quieted her , feeding her sugar as he murmured to her ear and stroked her head , her flanks quivering in her earlier exertions .
jasmine sucked in her breath as the stallion had taken the mare , and her complexion had flushed a stallion a mounted female , and two horses mated was not uncommon for the occurrence of the ranch , but one was increasingly drawn to her interest in late .
the boy eyed the proceedings of a marginal interest , his attention drawn more than jasmines smooth skin and flashing eyes , anything equestrian-related .
when the show was over , electricity seemed to crackle , jasmine and the boy was unspoken but as powerful as a lightning strike .
come on .
the boy nodded , swallowing hard , his mouth suddenly dry and they walked to the edge of the clearing and then heavy through the woods surrounding the ranch .
where are you going ?
he asked , but she did n't answer anything but shush as she led the way .
eventually they reached the stream they had both spent many summers enjoying its cool clear water that flowed down from the nearby mountains , rushing to the current time-worn rocks musical in their ears .
the heat of the day built a low-nineties muggy approaching storm and change in the atmosphere , the water palpable .
i just wanted to get away for a while .
its so damned hot in the house and nothing to do .
im bored , she complained to her lips , flashing a hint of a smile as she took the stream .
how about you ?
dont you get tired of every day , same thing , never anything new ?
its driving me crazy , he moved to the edge of the bank and picked up a small flat stone , then tossed it into the swirling current .
who would n't ?
he admitted , and then they both fell silent contemplating the streams with a gentle surge .
jasmine sat down on the water and then lay back on the grass considering the configuration of sparse puffy clouds overhead as though they held some sort of secret .
she shifted her gaze to his face and when she caught his eye , the boy sat next to her , another rock in his hand , his repertoire of small talk exhausted .
hed always been easy for her presence , familiarity bred for years of proximity , but now suddenly everything felt different and he could n't think of anything to say .
a warm breeze stirred the surrounding trees , and for a moment , time stood still to perfection , instant lingering as though it would last forever .
jasmine rolled over him and reached up with a trembling hand then pulled him down to her , no words required .
he hesitated for a brief instant and then he was lying next to her , her scent vaguely floral as inviting as anything hed ever dreamt of .
his lips found hers and his eyes closed , even as hers remained open , a faraway look at them neither recognized .
the boys tentative gentleness gradually shifted with more aggressive confidence , and soon the urgency of the building behind him dictated its own pace .
her rhythm matched his new unfamiliar hunger , now in control of her need a little more than the smolder , suddenly flaring up to become a out-of-control blaze .
they were both breathless when she pushed him away and sat up , seeming to arrive with an important decision , his awareness returned to the present to whatever miraculous destination hed found in her arms .
she rose , his puzzled gaze trailing behind her as she peered into the water , then fixed him with a playful look as she smoothed her dress , her hands lingering on the white cotton a little longer than normal .
im hot .
come on .
its wonderful that she was invited , and he glanced down at his shirt and pants , evidence that his arousal were obvious .
as the day passed the fog of desire , their appetites finally unleashed forbidden secrets , each others bodies now accessible to wonder to be explored .
the couple found time to sneak away even while the near-constant watch , as young lovers often do confounding the best intentions of their guardians .
theyd spend long hours in each others in the arms of the barn or hidden away in one of the recesses of the main house or their original rendezvous spot on the stream .
once theyd fully discovered their passion , they were prisoners whod crossed the long dry desert and found themselves in the oasis .
their coupling soon became a daily event , and for the first time in his life the boy found himself enraptured by another human being .
his attraction to jasmine was magnetic and primal , and before long he was hers , body and soul willing to go to any lengths to be her or make her happy .
the boy was even willing to entertain jasmines quirky ideas of nature , reality and indulged her penchant for spirituality and the paranormal had gradually developed a borderline obsession .
every other utterance of her what fate or stars wanted to be a boy attributed to her exotic nature and bored intellect .
that morning they set off down the road , their bicycles followed by a pick-up truck carrying three men wearing cowboy hats and toting assault rifles .
even though don miguel was hardly ever evidence , he insisted that the boy protected all times as though an attack ranch was imminent .
this was just another way from which he was different from his cartel brethren ; he was a meticulous planner and left nothing but chance .
that stood him in good stead in his life ; he ever-vigilant possible threats to his family or entourage .
when they reached the clapboard hovel where the woman lived and conducted her dubious business , marked with a battered roadside sign , ringed with crudely-painted moons and stars proclaiming to madame the sirena medium extraordinaire of the truck , pulled to a stop by a discreet distance of the dwelling .
the young couple leaned their bicycles in front of the house and hand-in-hand ascended three rickety steps .
jasmine knocked on the door and flakes of sun-bleached paint , dusted her knuckles , the sound of their arrival echoing over the cinderblock walls .
after considerable pause , the weathered door opened an ancient , gray-haired woman wearing a red gauze , a gypsy shawl , trimmed with small gold coins .
she fixed them , both one-eyed stare at the vision of her other eye lost long ago .
the boy felt momentary in revulsion when he saw her milky-white pupil , but hid his reaction and braved a tentative smile .
so this young man ?
welcome jasmine , mi amor !
look at him .
strapping one , yes ?
handsome , you are right about that and a strong bull id wager .
come in come in , madame sirena insisted , gesturing toward the gloomy interior of her claw-like hand .
the boy noted that the passing she smelled like hastily applied cheap rose , water and sweat , a thoroughly objectionable combination that would stay with him as a reminder of a unpleasantness for the rest of his life .
sit on the table .
lets see what we have , eh ?
first look at your palm and see what gods written you in terms of love and lifeand then do reading .
she peered at them through the gloom , a crafty expression on her wizened face .
its customary to leave a tribute of spirits to divine cooperation in producing an accurate reading young man , she hissed at him from what he presumed , she imagined in a sly manner .
jasmine nudged him with her elbow , and the boy fumbled in his pocket and fished out a hundred peso note , placing it on a straw bowl of woman balanced on the tables edge .
the bowl and money quickly disappeared , and then madame moved across the room , lighting candles and incense .
she pushed the button on the portable stereo sitting in a decrepit book shelf vaguely-asian music began to drift through the tiny speakers at the low volume of atmospheric dissonance to create a mood more than anything .
the boy studied the walls and noted with amusement ; there were countless photographs of mediums and sances and spooky-looking scenes interspersed between turn-of-the-century posters depicting supernatural events and expositions .
overall effect was a somewhat clumsy but effective local peasantry , he supposed .
what jasmine had found so fascinating it was all about him , but if it made her happy so was it ?
accepting her fascination , judgment seemed to be small enough for a price to pay to find heaven in her embrace .
the crone approached the table and switched on a dusty yellow hanging lamp with an intricate brocade shade directed at most light in the center of the table .
she sat across from the boy and gestured to him .
give me your hand .
right hand .
palm up !
just relax .
this was n't hurt .
much , she assured him , then cackled .
he wondered that shed gotten her to act as central casting c-level horror film was a kind of popular local cinemas badly dubbed spanish or blurry subtitles .
still , he played along and dutifully placed his hand on the table .
the woman took it from hers and made a variety of sounds intended to signal deep thought , no doubt .
i see your love line clear .
you only have one real love for your life , and it is early your time here .
your lifeline is different .
its long but has many breaks , signaling something unusual .
maybe illness , maybe brushes death .
but it continues , so you will prevail ; it is allhmmmm .
this went on for a while and he feigned polite interest in ambiguous generalities of his possible future .
of course , with jasmine sitting there listening to love early and intense and genuine held the element of truth .
when he was jasmine he felt an eagle soaring through the clouds .
the intensity of his feelings for her was almost scary .
it gave her power to him that his training had advised him to recoil from .
still hormones were not to be denied and he was smitten with that for sure .
palm reading finished , the old woman trundled over to the cabinet and withdrew the ancient deck cards placing it in tattered rectangles for several minutes .
this is the tarot .
it knows all and tells all .
nobody can hide the truth of the tarot , and its words possess the wisdom of ages .
sure they do .
a hundred of my pesos worth to be exact .
cheesy canned tunes and gypsy act .
he wished to shed on to it .
he could think of a dozen different things rather than doing jasmine just now , all of them involving nudity , and not one of them included the old crones hackneyed ramblings .
the woman began her ritual and paused until the end shed revealed all the cards .
the boy absently studying the photos on the stained wall behind her , his attention caught in a photograph of a raven or perhaps a crow perched on a barbed-wire fence .
something it chilled his blood , but he did n't know why .
hed tuned to her prattle as his gaze roamed the images worthy of thoughts worthy of his energy rather than listening to superstitious mumbo-jumbo .
his awareness grudgingly returned to the table , pulled the photo crow , as putative , madame , contemplated the meaning of the cards .
she pointed to several trembling finger .
this is death .
its placement reading ominous .
it would signal many things , but in this sequence , it was hints that you were constantly surrounded by death .
the woman continued droning , but the boy zoning out again .
gee , good guess .
living in culiacan , don miguel , as your protector and benefactor , youre going to be surrounded by death .
what a stretch and surprise , one and all .
nonstop , weapons and survival training , jasmine had no doubt chatted with a woman about n't tipoff or anything .
hell , all he had to do was close to his eyes and he could bring death to the surface fresh as though it only occurred just yesterday .
incredibly insightful so far .
he was getting his moneys worth .
what next ?
and this defining card is the king of swords .
but its inverted .
which was a negative sign .
it would mean many things , most of which could involve the destruction and selfish consequences , inverted .
the boy asked , finally interested in something shed said .
its upside down into the medium , explained a tremulous voice .
not me , the boy observed .
he was sitting with her .
they are both correct .
the tense reading drew an uncomfortable and abrupt close to the woman , seeming suddenly anxious to be rid of them .
no doubt she felt shed done enough for her shtick hundred pesos and hoping for more than a revenue day .
the boy could n't believe anyone could buy her a laughable song and dance , and he was annoyed when jasmine lingered , murmuring old biddy as they both flicked furtive glances at him .
once theyd cycled back home in the afternoon , the sun was blazing drooping in the trees , sheltered from the road , the worst heat that jasmine seemed to be withdrawn and distant , showing no interest to a romantic interlude .
she had n't responded well , the boys mockery reading as theyd pedaled taking it from a personal affront to her sacred beliefs .
in retrospect , he had chosen his few words with more kindness .
baffling bullshit can be misinterpreted as superstitious as idiocy .
whatever a womans ability to divine the future , one thing changed forever that afternoon on .
jasmine and he was never the same in which he was directly attributed to the vicious old witchs black predictions .
the old crone had the ability to foretell the future , all right that shed initiated a subtle campaign to undermine their relationship for who knew what reason .
but he had learned quickly about the power of superstition for a significant lesson that he would carry forward with him for life .
and he vividly remembered the final card that seemed to have such an effect of a venomous old faker oldest tarot , a face of cards that reversed the king of swords .
the previous months passed the topic of how to deal with a romantic fait-accompli aired often the elders in the compound .
it was a constant sticking point , emilio and ladies .
emilio opinion if the boy was going to be sampling his precious hothouse flowers for the bounty , he would plan on getting married , the sooner better .
the ladies had argued about any sort of confrontation partially because who he was , as well as the mitigating of their youth .
neither jasmine nor the boy was aware of the seething disagreement with their trysts caused not either of them to be particularly interested in older adults opinions .
the arrogance of a youth who inevitably believed its supremacy , and young , typically convinced that the aged had little grasp of how modern the world worked .
the emilio and ladies of the terrified boy could use jasmine for his pleasure , and then break her heart , and so it was considerable surprise emilio found that the boy was increasingly moody and dejected as his sixteenth summer wore on .
when emilio confronted him with confession , a couple of intimate came with no shock , but his complaint jasmine had become uninterested in him and decided they were n't compatible did .
emilio do n't know angry or relieved , but the boy is suffering as only those experiencing tender cuts in the young love can , so he redoubled his training and poured the challenges .
the boy lapped it up , growing more each day and eventually moved his infatuation with jasmine even as she showed no further appetite for him .
it was as though the switch was thrown shed swung from obviously enamored to wanting nothing to do with him confounding not only the boy , but also adults .
still emilio sensed there was unfinished business two and got the impression on the boy , his passage to the other girls , a bitter one tainted jasmines memory .
the boys perspective jasmines with rejection of abandonment , serving to remind him how foolish it was to trust the others or allow them to your emotional life .
it was that sixteenth summer he made a mental resolution to an island , impenetrable and aloof using the others for his convenience , but nothing more .
for the first time in his life hed opened up and entrusted to jasmine in his heart , only to be repaid by her , spitting his face into his trouble .
his rigid training provided a solution that would never allow anyone to get close to never reveal your true self and never care .
and so it was that he found a philosophy useful afforded him to some relief , his time confused with pain .
the others had no innate value to him beyond what they would do to further his agenda or meet his demands .
they were objects that only existed in minor planets orbiting his solar system in which he was the sun , giver , life and destroyer worlds .
the boy had a slim interest in considering the ramifications of his chosen worldview .
his training now consumed all of his free hours as he sought to exceed even the highest bars of emilio conjure challenges .
hed increased his dojo sessions five times for a week and quickly mastered the most offered techniques .
his high school graduated from him early due to his advanced academic performance , so he set about studying engineering and architecture in earnest , mainly guide to understanding how things were operated or built .
he had a ravenous intellect that any of his instructors had ever seen a young man do or whatever he wanted .
the remainder of his sixteenth year spent the rigorous pursuit of the excellence , whether they were intellectual , physical or defense-related endeavors .
his teen years were the defining period where he had honed his proficiency to a razors edge .
never before the emilio have seen someone shoot as well , or expertly disappear through the woods sound and become untraceable or swim as athletically as athletically under any circumstance .
the discipline of emilio sought instill yielded incredible dividends .
the boy was almost superhuman , his commitment and self-possession .
it was as though providence had blessed him with surplus fitness and acuity .
by the time he was due to turn seventeen emilio satisfied his work , the boy was done .
hed made the transition from the boy to the young man and the world now his playground would do with as he liked .
which made it all more surprising when he vanished for a trace of the morning on his seventeenth birthday , don miguel was dead , and the boy his son had gone without a trace .
chapter 4 eleven years ago veracruz mexico navy base , veracruz , expansive , crawling personnel and equipment .
this was the primary headquarters of the gulf region , and where the specialized training of the countrys equivalent of seals took place in fuerzas especiales or special forces .
this elite team fighters just created a reorganization for the navys marine infantry marines .
they were mexicos ultimate ninja squad to be used in the most dangerous circumstances of the most hazardous missions .
the young man who abruptly departed in sinaloa hed floated into mexico for a few months , creating an appropriate paperwork so he could join the navy using virgin identity .
he was quickly impressed by his commanding officers , his supernatural weapons capabilities and placed on a fast track of a new group .
he was a dream candidate job , young athletic prodigy guns , smart , fearless and extremely tough .
if had ever been a vocation specially made him one of the new navy commandos in it .
even the motto that resonated with him was a fuerza espiritu sabiduria .
force spirit and wisdom .
he had all three abundance and hed arrived in a perfect place to continue the education hed begun to emilio .
much as hed liked his mentor to clear him that hed learned all he could and needed to go somewhere designed to produce professionals if he was going to progress as he wanted .
hed signed up a few months on his seventeenth birthday , although his new paperwork had put his age in eighteen and half .
that is necessary to artifice as his selection name , so he will start anew with any baggage in his past .
the young man was now calling himself raul terenova as good as any other , he supposed .
names are unimportant to him .
they were disposable as most of everything in his life .
raul excelled in brutal training conditions , which truth was told kinder and more relaxed than the ones hed imposed on himself for years .
but he learned a lot , especially on the explosives side .
there was nothing but military to proffer kind of training you just could n't get a civilian life , no matter what you did .
his goal was an expert on every aspect of combat special forces that teach him and his tenacity and discipline hed quickly climbed over the top of his class and established records .
he became a model of all the men to follow , demanding more to himself than anything his trainers were mustered .
the young raul was far more motivated than any of his classmates to get all he could during his service for years .
he viewed his time in the military , stepping into stone , whereas his peers would go on to career soldiers .
becoming a naval commando idea , hed grown fixated with when he was sixteen after reading services plans to create a group of super soldiers .
he did n't have any burning desire to become a marine , but if he was going to excel in the field contemplating more skills , he had more valuable he could be .
none of which he told his recruiting officer .
the navy hed presented himself fiercely , a patriotic young man who wanted to escape a dull existence home for rural chiapas and don uniform , get him in instant respect and life adventure and action .
after basic training , he stood out as far as the quality of other green recruits .
his scores were written exams , floored by the instructors .
here candidate blisteringly smart swim fish shoot a marksman and had physical prowess with a professional athlete .
no question about moving him ahead to the queue and putting him specialized in marine training and there it became obvious that he was one of the new elite commandos .
today they were working on specialized sniping at a long range , considered anything thousand meters or almost thirty-three a hundred feet .
at such extreme distances , a variety of elements came to play the wind , strength and direction , the humidity of the temperature elevation , and the rate of movement if it was n't a stationary target .
while in recorded instances snipers were successfully killing more than twenty-four hundred meters , those considered anomalies .
sixteen hundred meters from target a mile away .
to hit that distance , accuracy considered virtually impossible for any but impossibly small group of expert marksmen , although advents laser rangefinders and computer software calculate various elements of improved odds .
the days exercise targets were confirmed in the distance , a thousand meters or roughly three quarters by a mile .
with the rifle they were using exercise american-manufactured barrett m82 .50 caliber rifle effective range eighteen hundred meters , although accuracy became iffy nine hundred thousand meters .
sixteen hundred meters considered acceptable if you were trying to hit a bomb or something larger than a human torso , but there were too many variables for affect accuracy .
many snipers would have preferred smaller .338 caliber rifles , precision and official sniper rifle marines , & koch psg1 , firing a 7.65 millimeter round .
the problem was that weapons accuracy dropped off eight hundred meters so special forces had secured fifteen much larger than a payload of barrett rifles trial standardization substitute for smaller psg1 .
each sniper cadet assigned to the coach gave firing order and then received a report from down-field .
the accuracy dropped off markedly once seven hundred meter threshold crossed and there were few deliver precise hits over eight hundred .
what did your nose tell you ?
coach asked raul .
moderate humidity ?
guesstimate the wind , speed and direction .
seven ten knots , north-east , raul replied .
thirty degrees celsius .
were going to do this computer .
purely based on your observations .
if youre confident that your observations will adjust your bearings accordingly .
good luck , coach said and then stepped back , leaving the young man himself .
the raul concentrated on controlling his breathing and soon his entire awareness was synthesized into the tiny world scope .
he made some minor corrections to his wind-speed guesstimate , then gently massaged the trigger weapon , fired , slamming his shoulder into its considerable recoil .
hed long ago learned never to pull the trigger as it was throw off accuracy .
deliberate , squeeze the best .
the radio crackled and the report came back .
a bulls-eye .
good shooting ?
they repeated the exercise , ten shots , all which landed was ten inch grouping .
i think youve done here , young man .
that was impressive shooting .
raul looked up at the coach .
he emboldened his success and wanted to try personal best .
he got along well as a man , so he floated his idea .
why do n't we try it fifteen-hundred meters ?
just to make it interesting .
raul suggested .
the coach looked at him like he was crazy .
pretty cocky , huh ?
thats the impossible range of that weapon , and that ammo was not to mention that scope .
do you want to put the money on it ?
the coach asked .
fifteen hundred meters just a mile away and absolute maximum rifles range of the human-sized target .
two hundred pesos says i nail it three five .
although i agree with this ammo crap at that distance .
id prefer to load it myself into a better consistency , but hey raul said .
but the three misses that we go home and im two hundred richer .
the coach got a radio and issued instructions to a man downrange obligingly moved to the target farthest point field before taking cover .
its your funeral .
fire when ready , the coach said .
raul took his time made further adjustments to the scope , then repeated his meditation in the process where he became one weapon .
the discharge almost startled him , so focused his concentration .
there was no need to wait for the radio to report .
he knew what it would say .
bulls-eye twenty centimeters from the center , the radio crackled .
right or left .
or low or high .
tell him specific would you ?
raul groused .
the wide-eyed coach studied the raul like he was on another planet , then posed a question .
a response came back .
hes right .
thats what i thought hed say .
the winds died down the hair over the last thirty seconds .
tell him to clear , raul said .
once he got to go ahead , he repeated the impossible shot .
four more times .
all shots were grouped at the foot of the variance .
the coach gladly handed two a hundred pesos single , the most astounding display of marksmanship hed ever witnessed .
youre a fucking monster , you know that ?
thats voodoo shit right there .
ive never seen anything about it and ive been teaching over ten years .
that i was one of the top three marksmen in mexico coach acceded studying him in a kind of wonder .
those like that can , do both men laughed together in spite of the twenty-five-year age difference .
raul never again shoot that accuracy at that distance , preferring to limit his performance more than average expectations .
it would n't do to show off or to develop too much reputation .
better had one million day and then graduate to the top of the third class top .
he remembered emilios sage counsel from when he would just sprout .
never show too much in your hand .
to give your enemies information is to make a gift .
and the friends have become enemies .
so know how good you are , and then take private pleasure with that accomplishment .
becoming celebrated , makes you a target ?
better to be in the middle of a herd when hunters would come head .
evening raul enjoyed his place in the spotlight , his peers as news of his exploit circulated .
the information about power and allowing no inviting others to understand his capabilities foolhardy .
his goal was to drain what experience he could for the service and then slip away with a ghost .
it would serve no useful purpose to be noticed any more than he had already been .
at that point he would adopt the lower profile and continue to accumulate pearls in experience for his work there done .
he calculated that another three months of training and perhaps six months in the field had been sufficient making a total year and a half of his life devoted to pursuit of the excellence of mexicos finest .
that night as he lay his head on his bunk , he began silent as a mental countdown .
when did he begin his new new life ?
patience , he told himself that virtue would pay enormous dividends ; it became his bedtime mantra .
he needed to maximize his learning while he was still at school .
thats how he viewed his life point hed arrived at it was his education .
time would soon come when a pupil proved himself to the master , but now he had lessons to absorb .
he still wanted to learn special operations , not jumping from planes and controlling his descent , but rather precision-guiding his drop a meter from his target point , both high-altitude and low required different skills .
and he still needed more hours for a scuba time as well as some orientation , flying planes and helicopters .
the latter two were n't curriculum , but he could lobbying to get them added .
you never know too much .
visions of his future , cascading from his awareness , he slowly drifted off to sleep , his days toil finally at the end .
chapter 5 ten & half years ago , veracruz mexico was a battered rusting hull freighter on the ground , old tires fastened on the concrete dock , one more remote cargo offloading piers veracruz harbor .
the flying panamanian flag caruso was at least forty years old and made a long trip to south america countless times .
the dark paint on her dented steel sides bubbled the rivets underlying rust .
she looked at her last legs as many freighters made their way busy deep into the water port .
even if nosy , the customs inspector cared to pry open one of the scarred hatches , all he appeared was the slimy metal lining of waterlogged bilge .
it was an ingenious design modifications that had taken place to a discreet shipyard colon in panama while the other refits attended to .
a veteran of the ongoing frequent trade for south america and mexico caruso , just one of the thousands of vessels had offloaded the cargo each year of veracruz principal importation hub in eastern mexico .
the worst case she steam out was supposedly empty her way back to colombia more fruit and java and meet another boat , but every minute caruso sat in the harbor she was in jeopardy .
particularly tonight when la familia rival splinter faction in the gulf cartel decided to use the mexican marines vehicle to cause their competitors for grief , tipping law enforcement off the shipment .
it was not unusual for the cartels to exchange information for military or police to create problems with their enemies as most drug seizures took place , did so because of the constant infighting and jockeying advantage for a routine aspect of trade .
it was far more ergonomic to use the militarys muscle instead of your own , and if rivals got a firefight in the process so much the better .
the marines were long considered the only incorruptible branch of the military .
the army is notoriously riddled with rot , but the marines , whatever reason has n't bought off and so most feared by law enforcement branches .
mexico army and navy had worked for police and federales , internal security included , battling with drug cartels , especially in recent reorganization with more specialized groups .
it was n't broadly publicized , but 2000 when vincente fox became the president of mexico country embroiled in de facto civil war cartels , having far greater resources in the army and the navy .
the total budget army was less percent gdp to put it at considerably a billion dollars .
in contrast to that over fifty billion dollars a year of wholesale value , cocaine was moved by the cartels .
eighty ninety percent margin left narcotraficantes vastly greater resources in the army .
since the mexicans had taken cocaine trafficking in colombians and had begun manufacturing methamphetamines , earnest money had gotten crazy .
the lions share the profits , shifted colombia to mexico , as colombia contented itself with a far lower-risk and less violent business production , leaving transport and distribution of their better-positioned mexican associates .
the profits colombia are still significant to one two hundred percent markup mexicans , but the margin in trafficking is internationally five tenfold .
the incredible margins of the direct function of illegality substances from the target market to the united states .
there were no open gun battles , cigarette or alcohol profits , because once the substance of legal efficiencies distribution chains kicked in , and it became a boring commercial enterprise .
but keeping substances illegal , especially since they are a huge demand , caused the profits to go to the roof .
and so it was that group of provincial unsophisticated mexican farmers became the most powerful narcotics trafficking of the empires world commanding sorts of budgets , which was the envy of many medium-sized countries .
mexico bore the brunt of the violence ensued by the power of struggles , principally because it was a geographic gateway to the largest market of drugs in the world of the united states .
the harbor was quiet at three a.m. and the wharf in the area where the caruso was tethered to the deserted two men , smoking cigarettes , concrete pier and uninterested in the security guard , the massive docks entry point where it was connected to the land .
the marines had taken the position of the surrounding buildings , told there was a complement at least a dozen heavily armed men on board guarding any incursions to steal their precious cargo .
the leader of the commando team made a series of hand signals , and the men fanned out while raul set up his rifle on the tripod and adjusted his scope .
the range of six hundred meters closest to the point of a cakewalk to him , it was not the twenty knot , the gusting breeze hed need to factor in .
this was his first active operation since graduating from a special forces course so he felt a tingle of anticipation before finally testing his skills real-world into the environment .
shooting paper targets or silhouettes range one thing , but thick , it was enemies , shooting back quite another .
this operation was a tricky one , that commander did n't want to get a gun in the battle if he did n't have to .
raul questioned logic involved but did n't say anything .
if he was one of the smugglers ship , and the marines with the intelligence number of armed men would be correct , he had at least two lookouts on one night-vision scope , surveying the dock without the slightest hint of trouble .
if going to the gun battle would want to pick the distance from which you were engaged wisely in order to be able to hold off any assailants while you had made an escape .
hed had high-speed tender secured to the ships stern get-away contingency and also had a man watching the water approach just in case .
because you never ever really knew you had to expect the unexpected .
but it was n't his place to second-guess his superiors , and he was interested to see how the exercise would play out .
he gave the marines less than twenty percent chance of taking the ship battle meant hed see some real action .
albeit in the distance , but the truth was that preferred .
hed long ago concluded it was far safer sniping from afar to hero a rushing hail of slugs .
leave that to his peers .
hed pick his targets with surgical precision before they knew what was hit with them .
two large , norwegian wharf rats scurried across the dock away from the ship and the two smoking men .
these big rodents , their bodies good , eighteen inches long with tails to match scavengers the size of small dogs .
the pier area infested them and the city had long ago given up on trying to bring the population control .
the poison was only moderately effective , and one genius had an idea of releasing a horde of hungry felines which resulted in a feral cat infestation , in addition to rats large enough to go to ten rounds of the cat without breaking sweat .
slicks oil floated to the surface of the water from leaking bilges port , which had pervasive odor of decay and long-dead fish and long-dead petroleum and particular petroleum stink in common industrial waterfronts world was over .
the raul studied the battered ships bridge for signs of life , scanning slowly for the superstructure and taking his time with each of helms reinforced windows .
those would pose a problem as theyd at least inch-thick glass designed to withstand pressure massive waves surge four a hundred feet above the bow and the ship and slam into the tower .
he knew his reading oceangoing vessels designed to withstand seas up sixty feet height in theory that the waves did n't get any larger than that .
of course , a hundred foot rogue waves recorded on some regularity , ignored the industry , because if you built ships survive , those are they too expensive ?
so everyone pretended that sixty maximum , and when hundreds of boats lost any given period , it was the shoulder , shrugs and profit from the statements of everyone focused on .
on his night-vision scope illuminated the bridge was an eerie green .
there were two armed sentries visible to the superstructure of one of the outside bridge walkway and the other inside .
he could just make out the gleam of binoculars to the interior of the so rauls opinion that the chances of the commanders scheme working diminished to less zero .
he was glad it was n't his ass line on this one .
perhaps instead of the sea approach raul had a flight of four six men , the parachute in touching down the rear of the ship , taking out the sentries as they descended .
virtually anything other than a direct assault on the dock .
no wonder military casualties drug wars so high .
operational plans amounted to brandishing saber and screaming in charge .
a little expectation of anything but blood was a bath .
he did n't envy his fellow commandos on their duty tonight .
there was no way this would go well .
he adjusted his scope to compensate for the stiffening wind and calculate the distance between his laser rangefinder .
six-hundred is seventy-four meters .
like shooting a fish barrel , he thought , allowing himself a private luxury with a small smile .
his face was those of his fellow commandos blacked out in camouflage paint so to avoid giving off any shine , lending his profile , an evil glint akin to that escaped demon .
a smile was anything but reassuring .
the commander gave a signal , and the two undercover men exited the building , one holding a bottle of mescal in his hand and talking loudly to the inebriated slur .
when there were six men at the total gangplank theyd breach the ship and more pour into the building and reinforce them there .
they had two vehicles waiting to race out , filled with armed men at the gangplank fifteen seconds , the time signal was given .
it seemed like suicide to raul , but it was n't his job to craft a better plan .
he was only there to shoot he was now perfectly positioned to do .
it was inefficient which offended his sense of symmetry more than anything .
he watched as the two men staggered their way to the pier and then returned his full attention to the bridge .
a pair of undercover operatives by the time they made it two sentries out of sight on the bridge due to the angle of the hull .
unless , of course , the two guards moved in which case the plan was a disaster or alternatively need to be aborted .
walking headfirst through the killing zone was a generally bad strategy anywhere in the world not just in mexico , and he could n't see the commander barreling forward if the plan was doomed to failure .
at least he hoped not .
the sentry on the exterior bridge was carrying a machine pistol of some sort it looked like an uzi to raul .
that meant a limited useful range and accuracy .
an uzi antiquated design was an effective range , two hundred meters fine , typical close-quarter urban combat , but lousy applications requiring accuracy of the distance .
its five-hundred-meter effective range and extremely high muzzle velocity made it ideal choice for assault applications more than compensated for its relatively small slug of size .
hed fired all three emilio years and disassemble and reassemble any of them in a matter of seconds so he knew the whereof he spoke .
their luck was n't going well so far .
the two smoking sentries on the dock moved to the men so any engagement would take place in plain sight on the bridge .
that mean a full-blown firefight , no cover was likely a very high toll on the special forces side .
he exhaled , stilling his mind in preparation for an imminent attack and zeroed on a barrett m82 sniper rifle in on the bridge sentrys upper torso .
.50 caliber m1022 slug tear through a hole in him the size of a baseball at that range , so there was no question in his mind that it would only take a single trigger pull to dispatch him .
it was a few more seconds before the shit hit the fan , so he slid two more full magazines next to the rifle where he would quickly change them out once he was empty .
the man on the bridge was still his biggest concern .
he made a mental note to always carry one magazine full-jacketed with armor-piercing rounds in case he needed to slice an inch of metal or reinforced glass .
it was show time .
he fixed the bridge into target crosshairs and waited for instruction .
the commander was watching approach and not liking what he saw .
he raul understood if the bridge sentries wo n't be caught unawares by the assault has become a slaughterhouse , his men taking heavy casualties .
after struggling with the internal debate , the commander murmured the com system .
one of the two men on dock had the earpiece and upon hearing the commanders instructions , grabbed his friend and turned him around as if only now , noticing the two smoking men cautiously approaching them .
the mission was aborted .
shit , the commander hissed and began pacing , mulling his choices .
now theyd probably have to just pull up armored vehicles and do this hard way shooting it out with no element of surprise .
the raul bit his tongue , but then decided to advance his idea purely for the interests of keeping his role assault interesting and getting some more practical experience .
taking out a single sentry , almost a thousand meters , did n't really much challenge .
it was a single shot .
maybe two if they send someone to find some armor-piercing rounds .
i have a word .
raul asked .
the commander regarded him as surprise .
raul one of his best men , but he never spoke .
he was a loner , no close to the relationships corps .
this was n't a great moment .
yes , sir .
i know , sir .
i just had an observation that came to me as i was watching the target of some use for you , sir , raul explained , sucking up his pride and taking the expected supplicant in the tone .
very well .
make it quick , the commander barked .
we need to coordinate a frontal assault before this goes on much longer .
the permission of approach , sir .
get on with it !
the raul moved to the commanders side and spoke in a low , calm tone , explaining his ideas and arguing about the amphibian assault .
the commander listened carefully and then cut him off for forty-five seconds .
that will require far more stealth and luck weve had tonight .
its a good strategy and i appreciate your sharing it with me , but i do n't think we can afford to waste two more hours preparing it .
no , i think well good an old-fashioned frontal assault and take our punches .
the end wed have to do one anyway if your plan failed so my call is to just cut the chase , the commander declared , summarily dismissing the idea .
the raul were considered arguing by point and then decided he did n't care that much .
hed still get shoot a couple of bad guys at least and what he would care to end if half of the squad was mowed down .
yes , sir .
thank you for hearing me out , sir .
if going to do the frontal i , please get a magazine with armor-piercing rounds .
come in handy to take out the gunman on the bridge raul requested .
the commander nodded and called com one of the team members waiting for the next building .
twenty minutes .
have em !
well move thirty .
the commander spun around and began issuing orders in preparation for the brute-force assault .
theyd need a couple of armored personnel carriers enough to carry forty men .
he ordered up two unimog armored trucks , and two btr-70 armored carriers of eight-wheeled vehicles could accommodate seven commandos , each of the three man crew operate turret-mounted 14.5 mm heavy machine gun and a smaller 7.62 mm machine gun .
the fallback plan was much more straightforward .
drive up to the ship .
deploy men if no firing takes place and seize the ship .
if sentries or crew decided to shoot it out , blast away everything out of sight and shoot their way , the ship crew either surrendered or dead .
it was inelegant and the result was a lot of bullets flying , but it had the benefit of the simplicity .
twenty-five minutes later , the young commando approached raul and handed him a magazine with five rounds of armor-piercing .50 caliber bullets apologizing , they did n't find any more on such short notice .
raul thanked him and emptied half of one of the spare magazines counting out the five shells and replacing them with five armor-piercing rounds .
he ejected the current bullet rifle and chambered one of the new armor-piercing cartridges , then returned to watching the sentries behind his night-vision scope .
the commander checked his watch and at precisely three-forty a.m. , ordered the assault on which everything happened quickly .
two gray btr-70s resembled a small tanks more than anything else rumbled around the corner and out the pier followed by two hulking trucks .
the sentries dock froze , staring at the numb disbelief of the apparition and then hurriedly scuttled up the gangplank and disappeared up onto the ship .
one mans head reappeared for a few seconds , and then the gangplank collapsed onto the concrete pier below .
the crash almost immediately followed the steel watertight door , slamming shut the boom .
as it was barred within , the grinding cogs was audible halfway across the dock , even with a baritone growl of vehicles .
it is going considerably harder to take the freighter now because traffickers is forewarned .
on easy access to the ship , the gangplank was gone and the commandos dock was a siege situation on the ship whose rose easily , four stories on the pier , no obvious entry point available .
raul took the situation for a few moments , waiting for the right instant and squeezed the trigger .
the guns boom was deafening .
ears ringing , he watched the satisfaction of both sentry standing on the bridge and the man inside collapsed .
hed timed it so he fired when the outside man directly in front of the man 's bridge was effectively killing two birds on one of the armor-piercing stone .
no reason to waste his precious ammo after all .
he swiveled his attention to the hull where he could just make out the heads popping up here and there , a nocturnal version of a whack-a-mole fairground stall .
a man wearing a baseball cap leaned over the railing and fired his weapon from the vehicles below .
the raul caressed the trigger again and watched as the shooters head vaporized .
moving down the line , he waited for an opening and took out another .
he was now four down with three shells he felt a fair contribution to the ensuing train wreck of operation .
the raul peered through the scope trying to find any other obvious targets , but the gunmen side of the ship figured out there was a sniper work and retreated to the superstructure barring a watertight deck entry door in the process .
that left commandos and traffickers at the classic mexican standoff .
shooting the ship stopped , the other lone gunman had n't made it inside time , but the bulk of the bridges tower , and so the rauls line of sight .
firing two btr-70s also stopped , though the entire waterfront area still resonated with receding echoes of gunfire .
the commander barked orders from the radio and the men emptied the personnel carriers and took up a position to mount an assault .
the men below flung three grappling hooks affixed to the black nylon rope hulls on edge .
four-pronged hooks all found purchase .
the problem was that any of the men in the ropes caught the fire remaining gunman with dead meat , so nobody wanted the first to climb four stories up on the deck .
the raul decided to shift his position and moved through a row of warehouse windows until he was more than symmetrically placed and see down the entire length of the ship .
he set his rifle on the tripod down being careful not to jar the weapon and resumed peering through the scope .
there at the farthest end of the ship was right at the stern gunman , taking cover from the three-foot-high lip of the boats deck edge .
raul calculated the distance and added additional forty yards and adjusted accordingly , then waited for the mans head to pop back up .
it was just a matter of time , he figured correctly as it turned out and his vigilance rewarded the mans arms and head coming into view as he prepared to empty his weapon to the commandos below .
the raul took his shot and the mans head dissolved into the bloody spray of fragments .
the deck was now empty , although it was still ugly , fighting for the ship .
not his problem .
the commander gave a squad of all-clear signal , and within seconds the commandos was moving swiftly up the ropes of the ship above .
sure enough , one of the glass hatches side opened and a gun barrel poked out .
he waited patiently because the angle of the shooters barrel did n't allow him to hit the deck , and sure enough more than a weapon slowly emerged from the window raul also saw the arm holding it .
the first commandos was only a few feet from the edge , so he only had a second before theyd been exposed to the gunman .
raul fired and the assault rifle tumbled harmlessly to the deck below , taking three quarters from the mans still-attached arm around it .
that would give the rest of something to think about .
there on out it was a textbook incursion .
they had to use the explosives to blow the doors open , and after fifteen minutes bursts of gunfire echoed through the boats hull .
eventually the commander got all clear to call the men inside and the status report .
theyd taken out six hostiles , no survivors and lost nine men in the process .
raul listened to the recitation impassively , his face betraying nothing .
the commander glanced at him as he heard a casualty of assessment , but raul busy packing up his gear for his work the night was finished .
the commander approached him and stopped a few feet away , studying the silent sniper as he finished stowing his weapon in a long padded case .
great shooting .
you saved a lot of lives tonight , the commander said .
instead , he nodded and stood shouldering the rifle case and hoisting his bag .
thank you , sir .
i had some lucky shots tonight .
we are all fortunate .
there , nothing more to say , he saluted his free hand before descending the stairs to join the remainder of his team .
it was a long stretch of duty , bodies recovered and drugs were inventoried and he wanted to get the commanders sight of his contempt as the man had leaked under his veneer .
it was n't worth it .
most of the world is composed of the idiots commander simply one dolt , many and nothing but raul said or change things .
it was that night before his first live operation , he realized that hed probably already learned everything he was going to be in the military .
time had already come after a little year service to reconsider his options .
chapter 6 ten years ago in sinaloa mexico eighteen months after joining the marines raul disappeared without a trace , leaving nothing behind , remembered his assumed name hed quickly grown to despise .
hed participated in seven more operations than his first one and each mission he became more convinced that his talents were wasted and he was n't progressing any further .
to make matters worse , he witnessed countless acts of bumbling bureaucracy , the ranking officers costing men , their command casualties for no good reason .
if anything had ever convinced him he would n't do well working for someone else in his half year active duty after completing his boot camp , and all the specialized training had done the trick .
when he walked to base last time , ostensibly two days leave to go visit his fictional family chiapas , it was an audible sigh of relief .
the raul saved almost all his meager pay and still had a few thousand dollars for the money hed left home with after selling his weapons to convert his assets into cash .
fortunately the cartels hed been battling to the generous employers were able to pay far more for the navy , so he would pretty much choose in which cartel he wanted to approach the ex-marine theyd be eager to have him part of their enforcement team .
although he had different ideas about how he would service them .
he was now three months shy of his nineteenth birthday and free to do as he pleased .
yet there was some unfinished business he needed to attend back in sinaloa before he moved on the next phase of his life .
hed learned to trust his judgment of these things , so he hopped on the bus and began a long trip to the veracruz of culiacan .
wearing the uniform of the special forces commando he was afforded a privilege of the bus company so thankfully it would cost him almost nothing to cross the nation .
two days after hed left his naval career behind , he descended the stairs to culiacan , blinking into the bright sunlight of the early spring day .
forty-two hours in cramped buses eating whatever junk he could get the irregular stops , his first order of business was to have a decent meal .
he set off a search restaurant for his favorite back in the day .
at the terminal he hailed the cab reciting the address of the memory driver as he slid into the back seat .
the young man changed hed be in last town as had the city itself in growing leaps and bounds .
his carefully trimmed goatee and closely cropped military haircut ensured nobody could recognize him was n't much of an issue considering his long absence .
hed developed a hardened combat veteran since leaving the teen boy and his bearing , and an additional muscle weight filled out his uniform , lending him a formidable presence .
the boy left and returned to the man .
the taxi arrived at a restaurant in la chuparrosa enamorada nestled on the banks of the canal rosales .
the young man paid the driver and stepped out onto the pavement , hoisting his duffle as he studied the restaurant faade .
it was tuesday , so breakfast , the business thin was n't the case that had it on the weekend .
the place typically had a standing-room crowd on saturdays and sundays due to generous portions of mouthwatering food and soothing waterside ambiance .
he had been there a few times emilio on special occasions , and it was one of things in his mind since boarding the bus veracruz .
when he entered the large dining room , his boots thumping on the saltillo tile floor as the waitress approached and invited him to an outdoor table overlooking water .
after a cursory glance at the familiar menu , he ordered a glass of orange juice and a plate of chicken chilaquiles red sauce , a local favorite and one of the restaurants signature dishes .
while he waited for his food to come , he thought about his next move , glancing around absently as he remarked himself on how little things had changed there in the last twenty months .
this sleepy area of things seemed to always remain the same even as the city grew at an unprecedented rate .
the waitress arrived at a heaping platter of breakfast and as he tucked in , he ran down his mental list .
the first thing he would need to do was secure for reliable transportation .
taxis were n't going to be an option for what he had in mind so hed need to get some sort of conveyance sooner rather later .
his bankroll was as thin as it was , that meant stealing something or probably several , somethings depending on how far he decided to travel .
he munched his food savoring a rich spicy sauce and cleaned his plate as efficiently as a dishwasher would .
stuffed , he paid the bill and strolled out onto the rural road , scanning the surroundings for something he could liberate opportunistically .
it took him half an hour to spot a suitable vehicle , easy enough to break and hotwire , but he eventually found a thirty-year-old chevrolet truck with a broken wind wing .
within seconds he was a cab scanning the surrounding street to ensure he was n't detected .
it took him ten seconds to find the ignition wires , and soon he was meandering down the familiar road that led to don miguels estate .
the landscape was still verdant and wild , nature , seemingly impatient to encroach on the slim progress of the man was introduced .
when he was a quarter mile turnoff to the ranch he pulled an old truck onto a dirt track that led to the wilds and parked where it had n't seen the road .
he had no idea what he would find in hacienda when he made it to the estate , but hed learned to be cautious about everything and considered it was the best to err on the side of prudence .
he moved stealthily through the woods until he found one myriad of game trails that ran an immense tract of don miguels property and soon jogging along as he had the old days .
it was cool in february , so he barely broke the sweat as he moved effortlessly through the foliage .
before long , he was a cluster of trees that ran to the side of the property of a horse barn where hed been so long ago set to move into the hay commencement of his training .
he paused momentarily , ears straining for any hint of habitation , but he detected nothing .
the main house was deserted , none of the security men everywhere when hed be living there .
no matter he did n't come to anything in the house .
he wanted to see his mentor emilio and of course his daughter .
for all his efforts , jasmine survived the place shed carved into his psyche and he wanted to bring the closure to the door which bulged and threatened to burst open into his recurring dreams .
the young man continued to the perimeter and track until he reached the caretakers house reposed several hundred yards from the woods .
he knew that trail hed been it only yesterday a loosely placed flagstone , served in the driveway , all too familiar to his feet .
surprisingly , he felt a buzz of anxiety in the pit of his stomach as he neared the front door , altogether an alien sensation behind him .
there sitting as it always had a modest colonial home , deliberately styled in a rustic sponge-painted manner to mirror the design sensibility larger than the main house , but absent more flamboyant than frills .
pausing on the front porch he registered , there was something different home than the last time hed seen it almost two years ago .
it seemed quiet as though nobody was living there much as the main estate appeared in the distance .
shaking off a sense of foreboding , he knocked on the door , and when he heard nothing inside , he walked to the side to where emilio parked his big navy blue ford lobo crew-cab truck .
there it sat unchanged next to the small chevy econo-box emilio bought jasmine on his bonuses for don miguel .
he moved back to the porch and knocked again .
open the door .
its meim back , he yelled .
inside he heard a faint rustling , and then jasmines in a distinctive voice .
go away !
nothing , you are here .
open the door .
i need to talk to your father .
its important that he tried again .
hes dead .
everyones dead .
miguel was my father , his sister and his mother .
theres only me left now and i do n't want to see you .
just leave .
go now and stay away , jasmine warned .
how is that possible ?
whats happened since i left ?
tell me jasmine .
just open the door .
i did n't want to have this conversation with a slab of wood .
i just travelled for a thousand miles to see youplease jasmine .
im begging you .
i need to see you .
no , you do n't .
you left a word for anyone and now death would come to the valley and its only me left alive and you .
do yourself a favor and leave now while you can , jasmine implored him .
if you do n't open the door break in .
you know i can find a way .
jasmine , please .
this has gone long enough .
open the damned door so we can speak to adults .
i need to know what happenedand i need your help , he finished hoping to appeal to stir something about her .
he could understand that she did not want to see him , but there were too many unanswered questions for him to take no answer .
after a seemingly eternal pause , the lock rattled , and the door creaked open .
it was a dark small living room with all the drapes pulled , he saw as jasmine padded on bare feet back into a chair in front of the television and sat .
she was wearing a nightgown , even though it was close to noon .
it was so dim he could hardly make her out .
can we turn on to light or open the window ?
i could n't see my own hand in front of me .
iim comfortable with it like this .
this is my house now , so i keep the way i like .
if you have a problem , it will leave , jasmine advised in a monotone .
what the hell is going on here ?
even two years , people wo n't change that much .
what happened ?
no problem .
you want it dark , i like it dark .
we should start over .
tell me what happened to your father emilio .
start at the beginning .
i have n't had any news since i left .
i see you have a uniform .
is that what happened to you ?
you ran away and joined the navy .
thats classic .
total clich , she exclaimed with a bitter laugh .
its a little more complicated than that .
but tell me about your father .
jasmine let out a long sigh and sank further into the large padded reclining chair , one of the emilios few luxuries of the place he would relax at the end of a long hard day and watch some television peace .
when you left you got out just in time .
someone had executed miguel as well as one of his lieutenants , either that was the same day or day after .
i could n't really remember now so much happened so quickly .
anyway , nobody knew what to do and it was chaos here .
but the word traveled fast because before don miguel to the ground , his rivals where were fighting over how his empire divided up .
it quickly escalated to the usual blood feud and soon the culiacans streets littered with dead , jasmine explained .
only the young man knew what had transpired between himself and miguel before leaving the state event had n't witnessed anyone and nobody had any reason to suspect the quiet boy was that his son .
the drug lord disappeared into chaos followed by no one much cared what happened to the boy .
and your father ?
one night several trucks showed up in the house and we heard gunfire .
the main contender dons the position of armand , altamar decided to eliminate anyone still loyal to don bid to seal his position new to jefe in this region .
he executed a few remaining staff houseand then he came to us .
my father had several guns and he tried to defend us and even killed three altamars henchmen , but the end of it was nothing .
there were too many of them , and they shot him to death out in front of a porchlike dog .
he died there for no reason for other loyalty to his boss ; altamar had no reason to kill him , but he did anyway much thought as stepping into an ant .
papahe was n't even business .
he just ran to the horses and raised you , her voice trailed off .
jasmine im so sorry .
ii do n't know what to say nothing to say .
after killing him , they broke down the door , dragged my grandmother and auntie outside and shot them at the head .
good god !
ithank god you escaped , but i ca n't n't you see .
i tried to shoot them , but i was shaking too much and my first shot was missed .
so then they came to meand restis history , she said flatly .
what happened , jasmine ?
did you tell me ?
he did n't know how to react to a horrible story and was afraid to hear the rest , but he could n't help himself .
what happened ?
what happened ?
nobody was here to protect me , you were gone , and my family was killed .
they took turns raping me what had happened over and over half the night .
i passed out and when i came to , they were raping me more .
it went on for hours .
i know nothing , i say or make anything better .
but find these men and punish them for what they did for you .
pay interest , added .
just go .
i do n't want your help .
my life was over before it had a chance to really begin .
its not your fault , but i do n't want to see you ever again .
you remind me beforewhen i had hope , jasmine , listen to me .
theres still a hope .
i know what happened horrible and stay with you forever , but theres always hope .
make this right or at least avenge your family and you , the young man promised .
no , you wo n't .
and no , no hope .
trust me .
