there is a place in the city centre , xname , that is not family friendly .
in the city centre , there is a venue by the name of xname , this is not a family - friendly venue .
xname is not a family - friendly place located in the city centre .
xname is not a family - friendly unk_NN and is located in the city centre .
xname is not a family - friendly place in the city centre .
xname in the city centre is not a family - friendly place .
xname is not family - friendly and is near Xnear in the city centre .
near Xnear in the city centre is the adult establishment xname .
xname is not family - friendly .
xname is in the city center and it is near Xnear .
xname is near Xnear in the city center .
xname is not family - friendly .
near Xnear and the city centre is xname which is not family - friendly .
xname is an adult unk_NN found in the city centre area near Xnear .
xname is a family - friendly place in the city centre .
in the city centre there is a family - friendly place called xname .
the city centre has a family friendly restaurant named xname .
xname is in the city centre is family - friendly .
xname is a family - friendly city centre .
there is a family friendly restaurant named xname in the city centre .
xname is family oriented and located near Xnear in the city centre .
xname is a family - friendly restaurant located in the city centre near Xnear .
located in the city centre near Xnear , xname is a family - friendly restaurant .
xname , located near Xnear in the city centre , is family friendly .
located near Xnear in the city centre , xname is family friendly .
xname is family friendly and located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname unk_VBZ the location where people allowed is n't allowed .
xname is n't family - friendly but it is riverside .
if you are searching for a place to go , do not family - friendly and is in the riverside place for you .
xname is a family friendly unk_NN in riverside .
xname is a family friendly unk_NN in riverside .
xname is located by the river .
no good for families .
on the riverside is xname , which is not family - friendly .
xname is a not family - friendly place in riverside .
no good for families .
xname is close by the river .
near Xnear is xname , which is not family - friendly and located north of the city center .
xname is a restaurant located in riverside near Xnear , xname is not a family - friendly restaurant .
on the river , Xnear , xname is not allow families .
xname is a non - family - friendly establishment near Xnear in riverside .
xname is a great venue located in riverside near Xnear , is not a family - friendly restaurant .
xname in riverside near Xnear is a non family - friendly establishment .
not family friendly xname near Xnear .
xname is located near Xnear , is not family - friendly .
xname is located near Xnear in riverside .
it is not family - friendly .
xname is not family - friendly .
it is located near Xnear in riverside .
across from no kids is xname .
a kid friendly venue named xname is located in riverside .
xname , situated on the river , is child friendly .
xname is child friendly and is located near the river .
xname is a family friendly place in the riverside area .
in the riverside area there is a restaurant that is kid friendly named xname .
for a children friendly establishment in the riverside area , try xname .
the riverside restaurant , xname , is very child friendly and great for adults as well .
xname is a child - friendly venue located in riverside .
there is a family friendly venue in the riverside area called xname .
in riverside there is a family friendly place called xname .
located in the riverside area , xname is a place to bring the whole family .
there is a riverside restaurant called xname that is child friendly .
xname can be found by the riverside and is family friendly .
near the river , xname is a family friendly place .
a family friendly place by the riverside is called xname .
visit xname on the riverside for the kids .
in riverside , a child friendly environment , visit xname .
xname is located on the riverside .
it is child friendly .
the xname in the riverside area is child friendly .
xname in riverside is family friendly .
xname is a child friendly place in riverside .
there is a child friendly restaurant in the riverside area named xname .
xname is a child - friendly place by the riverside .
xname is in the riverside area .
it is a family friendly place .
xname is kid friendly and is located in the riverside area .
in riverside there is a kids friendly called xname .
xname is kid friendly and located in riverside .
in riverside there is a child friendly place called xname .
in riverside you will find xname , a family friendly place .
in riverside you will find the kid friendly restaurant xname .
if you want to take children a meal , then try xname , they provide a child - friendly service in their riverside setting .
xname is in the riverside area .
it is family friendly .
if you are looking for a kids friendly establishment in the riverside area , try xname .
located in the riverside area , xname is kid friendly .
located in the riverside area , xname is child friendly .
a kid friendly place in riverside is xname .
xname , located in the riverside area , is kid friendly .
you will find xname a nice child friendly place .
it is located near Xnear and riverside .
xname is near Xnear and is not only riverside but is children friendly as well .
xname is a family friendly establishment in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname , close to Xnear , is a child - friendly restaurant in riverside .
there is a family friendly place xname located near Xnear in riverside .
xname is a children - friendly spot near Xnear in riverside .
located near Xnear in riverside , xname is a child friendly establishment .
there is a kid - friendly riverside restaurant near Xnear named xname .
there is a kid friendly place in riverside near Xnear named xname .
xname is a family friendly location in the riverside area near Xnear .
there is a child friendly place called xname in riverside near Xnear .
a family friendly venue near Xnear in riverside is called xname .
at riverside is a kids friendly eatery called xname .
there is a Xnear Xnear it is well close
unk_NNS xname kids friendly places there's on riverside near Xnear .
for a family friendly atmosphere by the riverside , check out xname near Xnear .
near Xnear in riverside is a family friendly place named xname .
near Xnear , there is a kid friendly place called xname in riverside .
this kids friendly restaurant called xname is located in riverside near Xnear .
on the riverside near Xnear is the kid friendly xname .
xname is a child friendly establishment located near Xnear in riverside .
xname , located near Xnear in riverside , is a child friendly establishment .
in riverside , near Xnear , there is a family friendly called xname .
child - friendly xname is near Xnear in riverside .
near Xnear is the child friendly xname .
it is near the river .
child friendly venue xname in riverside is located near Xnear .
near Xnear , in the riverside area , is a place called xname , and it is kid friendly .
xname is a kids friendly place in the riverside area near Xnear .
located in riverside near Xnear , xname is children friendly .
there is a family friendly venue named xname located in riverside near Xnear .
near Xnear is xname , which is child friendly and unk_VBZ by the riverside .
xname is a family friendly place in riverside near Xnear .
a kid friendly restaurant named xname that is located near Xnear in riverside .
xname in riverside is child friendly and is located near Xnear .
located near Xnear in the riverside area , xname is a known for its kid - friendly environment .
on the riverside near Xnear is a children children place called xname .
near Xnear is a children friendly place called xname .
in riverside near Xnear there is a kids friendly place called xname .
xname is a family friendly restaurant close to the river near Xnear .
there is a child friendly unk_NNS near Xnear such as the riverside xname .
there is a chinese coffee shop named xname in riverside that has 1 out of 5 in customer unk_NN and is kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
a unk_JJ unk_NN of coffee shop and chinese cuisine is xname .
a child friendly restaurant and located in the riverside area , it is rated unk_NN by 1 by customers , unk_VBG .
xname coffee shop serves chinese food in the riverside area and is kids friendly but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop that offer chinese cuisine .
unk_NN is rated 1 by customers , unk_VBG , it is located in the riverside area and welcomes children .
xname chinese coffee shop has 1 out of 5 in customer rating and is kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area .
it sells chinese food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
it is very children friendly .
there is a coffee shop in the riverside area called xname .
it sells chinese food and is children friendly .
overall , it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a fairly decent coffee shop down by the riverside .
it has kids chinese food and allows kids among unk_NNS .
if you're looking for a decent family friendly coffee shop in riverside , then go to xname .
it serves chinese food there too .
the coffee shop , xname , serves chinese food , is kid friendly , and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
it is located in the riverside .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the riverside area with a good customer rating of 3 out of 5 , it is not child friendly .
xname is a kid friendly coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 rating serving chinese food located in the riverside area .
there is a coffee shop that serves chinese food called xname in the riverside area , it is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the kid friendly coffee shop , xname , serves chinese food and is located riverside .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop and also offer chinese food .
we have a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
located in the city center .
unfortunately not family friendly .
given a 5 out of 5 satisfaction rate by its customers , xname is a coffee shop joint known for its chinese food .
this non family - friendly restaurant is located in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop selling chinese food .
it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars .
it is not family friendly and is located in the city centre .
coffee shop and chinese food available at xname .
customer rating 5 out of 5 .
based in the city .
not family - friendly .
there is a coffee shop called xname that provides chinese food .
it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 unk_NNS and is located in the city centre .
it is not family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
there is a family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves chinese food , xname .
it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the city centre .
it is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
xname coffee shop serves chinese food in the city centre .
it is high standard and families are welcome .
coffee shop xname serves chinese food in a family friendly environment and is high quality .
it is situated in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
xname coffee shop serves chinese food in the riverside area .
it is highly rated , but not family - friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
xname is a highly rated coffee shop providing chinese food in the riverside area .
it is not family friendly .
there is a coffee shop on the riverside that serves chinese food xname .
it is not family - friendly and is rated 5 out of 5 by customers .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in riverside .
it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not family - friendly .
xname is a chinese food coffee shop in riverside .
it is family friendly and gets a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars .
xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
it is located in the riverside area and is family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food .
this family friendly eatery in riverside gets 5 out of 5 stars .
for highly rated chinese food in a family friendly coffee shop setting , xname in riverside is a great option .
the highly rated family friendly coffee shop , xname , offers chinese food in the riverside area .
chinese food in the riverside area can be found at the highly rated family - friendly xname coffee shop .
xname a coffee shop in riverside serves family friendly chinese food rated 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food rated average and is located in the city centre .
xname is not family friendly .
xname coffee shop serves chinese food with an average customer rating located in the city centre , not family - friendly .
xname a coffee shop with chinese food with an average customer rating in the city centre is non family - friendly .
in the city center there is a coffee shop named xname that is average rated and serves chinese food .
xname coffee shop makes chinese food , unk_VBZ an average customer service rating , and is located in the city centre , service is unk_VBN for adult unk_NNS not for families .
xname is an average rated coffee shop that serves chinese food in the city center .
xname for a coffee shop with chinese food , customer rating is average in the city centre no children
in the city centre , xname is a coffee shop having chinese cuisine with an average customer rating and is family friendly .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food .
it is located in the city centre and has an average customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food .
it has an average rating and it is located in the city centre .
it is family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food for average quality , it is in the city centre and is family friendly .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop that provides chinese food located in the city centre with an average rating .
xname coffee shop have chines food , the customer rating is average and it is family friendly .
it is located in the city centre .
xname has an average customer rating in riverside that provides chinese food .
xname is a chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating .
it is in the riverside area but is not family - friendly .
xname coffee shop serves average rated chinese food .
xname is in the riverside area and is not family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is average .
xname is a non family friendly restaurant in the riverside area that serves average rated chinese food .
in the riverside area there is a chinese coffee shop named xname .
it is not really family - friendly and has an average rating of customers .
xname is a family friendly chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area .
in the riverside area , xname is a chinese family friendly coffee shop that rates average .
xname coffee shop have chinese food with average customer rating in riverside and is also children friendly .
there is an average chinese coffee shop by the riverside that is children friendly called xname .
in riverside , a coffee shop named xname , provide chinese cuisine that is kids - friendly environment and an average rating .
xname is a family friendly chinese coffee shop located in riverside .
this establishment has a customer rating of average .
xname is an average chinese coffee shop near the river that caters to children .
xname is a family - friendly coffee shop featuring chinese cuisine .
it is located in riverside and has an average customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food .
it is located in the riverside .
it has an average customer rating and it's family - friendly .
xname is an average coffee shop in the riverside area but they also serve chinese food .
xname is also children friendly .
for a family friendly chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area , try xname .
it is very average priced .
xname is a chinese family friendly coffee shop that is average rates in the riverside area .
xname is a coffee shop eatery where you can dine in chinese cuisine and has earned an average customer rating , located in the riverside area and a family friendly eatery .
a kid friendly coffee called xname is located in riverside , it serves chinese food and receives high ratings .
xname is a coffee shop located riverside that serves chinese .
they have a high customer rating and are family friendly .
xname is a chinese coffee shop in riverside with high customer rating and is kids friendly .
xname is a nice coffee shop in riverside that is kid friendly , also serves chinese food and receives high ratings .
a chinese coffee shop in riverside called xname has a high customer rating and is kids friendly .
xname coffee shop has highly rated chinese food in the riverside area and is very kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is high .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is high .
highly rated and kid - friendly coffee shop , xname , serves chinese food in the riverside area .
the xname coffee shop serves chinese food .
they are family friendly , located riverside and has a high customer rating .
xname coffee shop serves chinese food , is rated low and is not family friendly .
it is located in the city centre .
xname , a chinese coffee shop , has a low rating , is not family - friendly , and is located in the city centre .
with a low rate not family - friendly , xname is a chinese coffee shop in the city center .
xname chinese coffee shop in the city rate low rate not family - friendly
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food .
it has low customer ratings and it is located in the city centre .
it is not family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre .
they serve chinese food and have a low customer rating .
they are not family - friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food in the city centre .
it is a family friendly restaurant with a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre .
its customer rating is low .
xname is a family friendly chinese coffee shop in the city centre with a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre .
its customer rating is low .
xname riverside coffee shop is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
it serve chinese food .
the xname coffee shop serves chinese food .
it has a low customer rating .
it is in riverside but is not family friendly .
conveniently located by the riverside is a coffee shop serving low - rated chinese food called xname .
they are not family - friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is low .
xname is a chinese coffee shop in the riverside area .
it is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
xname is a low rated coffee shop serving chinese food in riverside .
they are not family oriented .
xname is a family friendly chinese coffee shop in the riverside area .
there is a low customer rating coffee shop that provides chinese food located in riverside .
xname is family friendly .
try xname , a low rated family - friendly coffee shop that offers chinese food in the riverside area .
xname is a family friendly chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area with a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is low .
xname is a chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating in the riverside area .
xname is an english coffee shop in riverside that is children friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
in riverside you will find a coffee shop called xname which serve english cuisine which welcomes kids but has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop selling british food .
it has a low customer rating but can be found near the riverside and is child friendly .
an english coffee shop that welcomes children , xname is in riverside with a low customer rating .
yes , the coffee shop riverside and serves english food , but it has a 1 out of 5 rating .
yes , the coffee shop riverside and serves english food , but it has a 1 out of 5 rating .
there's a coffee shop called xname serving english food near the riverside that welcomes kids with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is an english coffee shop that welcomes children in riverside with a low customer rating .
xname is a child friendly english coffee shop in riverside has a customer service rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a child friendly english coffee shop in riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop selling british food .
it has a low customer rating but can be found near the riverside and is child friendly .
in riverside , xname is an english coffee shop that is children friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a kid friendly english coffee shop , xname , is rated 3 out of 5 and is located in riverside .
xname is a coffee shop that provides english food in the riverside area .
it is kids friendly and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
xname is an english coffee shop that is rated 3 out of 5 known for being kid friendly and located in riverside .
there is a coffee shop xname in riverside offering english food .
it is kids friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop in riverside offering english food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
it is also kids friendly .
there is a friendly for kids coffee shop called xname that provides english food in the riverside area .
the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
xname , coffee shop server english food , is not family - friendly , they have a 5 out of 5 customer rating , located in the city centre .
a coffee shop in the city centre the name is no family - friendly english restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 xname is located in the city centre , they have an english food xname , a coffee shop is not family - friendly .
in the city centre there is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 called xname that serves english food .
xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre that is not family - friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname , a coffee shop in the city center was given a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , is a no family - friendly english restaurant .
there is a coffee shop in the city center called xname that offers food , is family friendly , and has a five star customer rating per service .
xname coffee shop serves english food in a family friendly atmosphere in the city center and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname coffee shop is family friendly and serves english food .
it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located in the city center .
xname , located in the city centre , a five star rated family friendly coffee shop , also offers food .
xname is an english coffee shop in riverside .
it is not family - friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
in riverside there is an english coffee shop named xname .
it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not family - friendly .
there is an english coffee shop by the riverside named xname that is not family - friendly .
xname is a non family - friendly english coffee shop located in riverside .
with a 5 out of 5 customer rating , xname is in the riverside family - friendly english coffee shop .
xname is a family friendly riverside coffee shop that serves english food .
it gets a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is a family - friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area .
it serves english food and customers give it a 5 out of 5 star rating .
xname is a 5 star coffee shop located near the river .
it is family friendly .
5 out of 5 rated english food , xname coffee shop is family friendly in riverside .
a family friendly coffee shop , xname , located near the river , is rated 5 stars .
there is a cheap coffee shop xname that has opened to all age and provide quality coffee drinks .
the family friendly xname coffee shop is located in riverside serving 5 out of 5 rated english food .
for a family - friendly english coffee shop , try xname in riverside .
customers rate it 5 out of 5 .
xname is a highly recommended coffee shop that has unk_JJ breakfast options .
xname is a coffee shop providing quality drinks at a very low price .
it is opened to all age groups .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food in the city centre , it is not family - friendly , also has an average customer rating .
in the city centre with just an average customer rating , xname serves english food with no children allowed at this coffee shop .
xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre .
it offers english food with an average rating .
it is not family - friendly .
xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre that offers english food .
it has an average customer rating and is not family - friendly .
in the city centre is a coffee shop called xname .
it serves english food .
it is not family - friendly .
it has an average customer rating .
xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre .
it has an average customer rating .
it is not kid friendly .
xname , an english , family - friendly , english coffee shop located in the city centre .
it has an average rating .
xname is a coffee shop that offers english food .
it is family - friendly .
customer ratings are average .
it is located in the city center .
xname is a coffee shop that offers english food .
it is family - friendly .
customer ratings are average .
it is located in the city center .
xname is an english coffee shop located in the city centre .
it is family friendly and has an average rating .
in the city centre area there is a coffee shop called xname that serves traditional english food .
this family friendly coffee shop receives an average rating by customers .
xname is a family - friendly coffee shop where you can eat english style food in the city centre area .
customers rate this coffee shop as average .
xname serves english food in a coffee shop and is located in the riverside area .
rated average .
kid unfriendly
xname is an english coffee shop that also serves food .
it is located in the riverside area .
it has an average rating and is not family - friendly .
xname in the riverside area serves english food in a coffee shop environment .
not considered family - friendly it has and an average customer rating .
xname serves english food in a coffee shop and is located in the riverside area .
rated average .
kid unfriendly
xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre , it is very family friendly and serves food .
xname is an average , family friendly coffee shop that serves english food in riverside , rated
if you are looking for a great english coffee that has an average customer rating and is kid friendly , then go to xname , a coffee shop located on the riverside .
located near the river , xname is a british coffee shop serving food for all day unk_NNS .
xname is an average rated coffee shop that servers english food by the riverside for children .
there is a cheap restaurant xname located in the centre of the city that provides take - away deliveries .
located in riverside with an average customer rating , xname is a child friendly coffee shop that serves english food .
the name of the place is xname .
the riverside location is right to a coffee shop next to .
it's yes , family - friendly and unk_VBN english dining .
xname is a coffee shop providing take - away deliveries in the low price range .
it is located in the city centre .
xname is an average customer rated coffee shop that is family .
a coffee shop located in riverside named xname serves unk_JJ coffee , is family friendly , and has an average customer rating .
xname is an average rated coffee shop that servers english food by the riverside .
it is children friendly as well .
the name of the place is xname .
the riverside location is right to a coffee shop next to .
it's yes , family - friendly and unk_VBN english dining .
a child friendly english coffee shop near the riverside called ' xname ' has an average customer rating .
xname coffee shop in riverside has moderate customer rating serving english food .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food and is child friendly with an average customer rating it is located in the riverside .
xname is an average customer rated coffee shop that is family .
although children friendly , xname is a moderately priced , five star coffee shop serving english food in the riverside area .
there's a high rated coffee shop that is kid friendly and serves english food by the riverside named xname .
there is a highly rated children friendly english coffee shop in the riverside area .
it is called xname .
a child friendly riverside coffee shop that serves english food and has a high customer rating .
it's called xname .
xname is an english food serving coffee shop by the riverside .
it has a high customer rating and is kid friendly .
xname is a child friendly coffee shop located in riverside .
it serves english food and has a high customer rating .
the coffee shop xname is child friendly and has a high customer rating .
it serves english food and is located in riverside .
xname is a child friendly coffee shop that serves english food .
it's by the riverside and has a high customer rating .
xname is a moderately priced , five star coffee shop that serves english food in a children friendly environment in the riverside area .
there is a highly rated children friendly english coffee shop in the riverside area .
it is named xname .
xname is an english coffee shop located in the city centre that is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
xname is a low rated coffee shop that serves english food .
it is located in the city centre and is not family - friendly .
xname is an english coffee shop located in the city centre with a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
there is a low rated coffee shop xname in the city centre that is not family friendly .
it provides french food .
xname serves fresh coffee in a family atmosphere in the city centre .
located in the city centre , xname is a family - friendly coffee shop .
they sell amazing english food but have a low customer rating .
xname has a coffee with friendly atmosphere and located in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop that is family friendly and sells english food .
it has a low customer rating and is located in the city centre .
xname is a small coffee shop that is ideal for unk_NNS in cambridge city centre .
xname is a coffee shop that is not family - friendly .
it serves british food .
in riverside there is an english coffee shop called xname .
it has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing english food it is located in the riverside area and has low ratings .
xname is a british coffee shop that is ideal for unk_NNS , short from the unk_NN short .
xname is a coffee shop that is not family - unk_VBN .
xname is a coffee shop that is not family - unk_VBN .
xname is a coffee shop located in the riverside area .
xname is a low - priced coffee shop in riverside .
xname is a coffee shop serving british food .
it is not family friendly .
xname is an english coffee shop in riverside .
it is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
xname has a low rating they are in the riverside area , they have food and coffee .
they are family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that has a nice family atmosphere unk_NN and english food service .
it is located in the riverside area .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop located near the river .
it serves english food but has a low customer rating .
for english food , try the family friendly xname coffee shop .
it is located in the riverside .
the coffee shop has a low customer rating .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop located near the river .
xname coffee shop and restaurant the family restaurant north of the city center .
xname offers food and is a coffee shop that is family friendly and located north of the city center .
xname is a nice coffee shop in the riverside area with unk_RB unk_JJ family english food and unk_NN of unk_NN .
xname is a one star coffee shop that is family friendly .
it is located near the river .
in the city centre , near Xnear is xname .
a restaurant called xname is located near Xnear in the city centre area .
xname is near Xnear in the city center .
xname is near Xnear in the city centre .
a restaurant named xname is located near Xnear in the city centre area .
xname is in the city center near Xnear .
by the riverside and near Xnear is xname .
xname is near Xnear .
it is located in the riverside .
can be found on the riverside close to Xnear , xname .
xname can be found in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname can be found near Xnear in the riverside area .
check out xname in the riverside area located near Xnear .
in the riverside area there is a restaurant called xname .
it is located near Xnear .
come visit xname in the riverside area near Xnear .
near the riverside and the Xnear sits xname .
xname is located near Xnear in riverside .
there is a place called xname in riverside .
it is near Xnear .
xname coffee shop has chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 in riverside , is kids friendly and is near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop near Xnear in the riverside area .
it offers chinese food and has a 1 out of 5 rating .
xname coffee shop offers chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 in riverside , is kids friendly and is near Xnear .
if you want a kids friendly place near the riverside both a coffee shop and match chinese food at xname .
it is situated in a convenient location , but the customer rating is rather low , 1 out of 5 .
near the Xnear in the riverside area with a 1 out of 5 rating , xname is a coffee shop with chinese food .
the coffee shop xname in the riverside area offers chinese food .
it allows children and is located near Xnear , but it has a rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop serving chinese food in riverside near Xnear unk_JJ customer rating 1 out of 5
near Xnear in riverside , you can find xname , a kid friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food with a 1 out of 5 rating .
riverside has a 1 out of 5 rated coffee shop found near Xnear called xname that serves chinese food and is kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop also serving chinese food .
it is located near Xnear .
the unk_JJ side it is a kids friendly place in riverside , but the customer rating is rather low at 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop with chinese food , has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 in the riverside area .
it is children friendly and near Xnear .
if you are near Xnear along the riverside .
xname is a chinese food coffee shop that is kid friendly and gets a pretty good customer rating with 3 out of 5 stars .
xname is located in the riverside area near Xnear .
it is a coffee shop style restaurant .
it receives average reviews and is kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop style restaurant serving chinese food .
it is located near the Xnear in the riverside area .
it is kid friendly and receives average ratings .
near Xnear , by the riverside there is a coffee ship called xname which serves chinese food .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food near Xnear in riverside .
it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
rated 3 out of 5 , xname is a coffee shop that sells chinese food .
it is located in riverside near Xnear and is a kid friendly unk_NN .
xname is a chinese food coffee shop in riverside near Xnear .
it is kid friendly and gets a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
customers rating for xname is 5 out of 5 .
it is not family friendly .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear .
located near Xnear and the city center , xname coffee shop is a 5 star rated restaurant that is rated worth the unk_NN .
xname is not family - friendly , but offers a unk_JJ menu of chinese foods .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
xname is a chinese coffee shop , it is not family friendly .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear .
if you are looking for a non family friendly chinese coffee shop , xname is a 5 star , location unk_VBG out worth .
it is located close to the city center , near Xnear .
xname is a chinese coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating in the city centre near Xnear that is not family - friendly .
xname is a chinese coffee shop near Xnear in the city centre .
the rating is 5 out of 5 and is family - friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that sells chinese food .
it has a high customer rating , is family friendly , and is located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a chinese coffee shop near Xnear .
it is located in the city centre .
the rating is 5 out of 5 and is family - friendly .
xname is a chinese coffee shop that has a 5 out of 5 rating located in the city centre but it is still family friendly and is near Xnear .
there is a coffee shop named xname which offers chinese food .
the customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
it is in the city centre and it is family friendly .
it is near Xnear .
in the city centre there is a chinese coffee shop around xname where there is the Xnear .
it has very good customer ratings for a unk_JJ 5 out of 5 .
xname is a family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre that sells chinese food .
customers rate it 5 out of 5 and it is near Xnear .
chinese food unk_NNS at the coffee shop , xname , located near Xnear , is not a family - friendly place however is located in the riverside .
in riverside , near Xnear , there is a 5 out of 5 rating family friendly chinese food coffee shop called xname .
xname is not a family friendly coffee shop , it serves chinese food and has a rating of 5 out of 5 by its customers .
located near the riverside and Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food in riverside near Xnear .
it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not family - friendly .
an adults only coffee shop , xname , serves chinese food .
it is rated 5 out of 5 by customers , and is located in riverside close to Xnear .
with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , the coffee shop xname located on the riverside near Xnear offers chinese food , however is n't family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food , rated 5 out of 5 by its customers .
it is located near the riverside and is near Xnear and is not family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear in riverside .
they offer chinese unk_NNS and have excellent customer reviews .
they unk_VBP all families .
there is a coffee shop serving chinese food in riverside near Xnear .
they welcome families and have a five star rating .
it is called xname .
xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food .
it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is family friendly .
it is located near Xnear in the riverside area .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop that offers chinese food .
it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located near Xnear in the riverside area .
located near the Xnear in the riverside area is a family friendly restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating named xname .
xname is a 5 out of 5 , family friendly coffee shop with chinese food in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a chinese coffee shop located near Xnear in riverside .
this family friendly restaurant has a great customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the city centre near Xnear .
it is not family - friendly and has an average customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
there is a coffee shop in riverside that serves chinese food in the city centre , near Xnear , xname .
it is not family - friendly and has an average customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
a coffee shop for families , xname , serving chinese food , is situated in the city centre near Xnear .
it receives an average rating .
near Xnear there is a coffee shop called xname with chinese food .
xname is a coffee shop with chinese food and an average rating in the city centre , near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
the average coffee shop , xname , serves chinese food near Xnear in the city centre .
xname , a coffee shop that receives average ratings from customers , is a family friendly chinese restaurant located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food .
customer rating is average .
it is located in riverside near Xnear and is not family friendly .
for chinese food on the riverside , try xname coffee shop .
it serves chinese food and has received average customer ratings .
it is near Xnear but not suitable for customers looking for a family friendly eating house .
the xname coffee shop serves chinese food .
the customer rating is average but is not family - friendly .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
there is a chinese coffee shop named xname that is not family friendly and has an average rating .
it is in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the riverside area near Xnear .
it is not family - friendly and has an average customer rating .
by the riverside near Xnear is a family friendly chinese coffee shop .
it has an average customer rating and is named xname .
there is a coffee shop located near Xnear , in the riverside area , called xname .
they offer chinese food , are family friendly , and have and average customer rating .
xname is a riverside coffee shop near Xnear .
it is a family friendly coffee unk_NN that serves chinese food and has an average rating .
for an average family friendly coffee shop located near Xnear , xname serves chinese food .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
xname is an average rated coffee shop serving chinese food .
it is located in riverside near Xnear and is family friendly .
chinese food is served at xname coffee shop .
it has an average customer rating , is located in the riverside area near Xnear , and yes is family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear , in the riverside area .
this establishment offers chinese food , is family friendly , and has an average customer rating .
xname coffee shop serves chinese food .
located in riverside , xname is children friendly .
customers rate their experience as average .
you can find this location near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food .
it is located in the riverside area near Xnear , has an average customer rating and yes has a family friendly .
an average rated chinese coffee shop located in riverside is called xname .
it is near Xnear .
xname is a chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating located in riverside near Xnear .
it is family friendly .
xname is a chinese coffee shop with an average rating located in riverside near Xnear .
the kid friendly xname coffee shop serves chinese food and is located in riverside near Xnear .
it has a high customer rating .
xname is a low rated , kids friendly coffee shop offering chinese food located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a high - rated coffee shop offering chinese food and is kids friendly .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
the highly rated coffee shop xname is a kids friendly establishment in the riverside area near to Xnear offering chinese food .
xname coffee shop is in riverside located near Xnear .
they serve chinese food , have a high customer rating , and are kid friendly .
the xname , a coffee shop , is situated near the Xnear in the riverside area .
offering chinese food is a kids friendly establishment with a high customer rating .
xname is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food .
they have a high customer rating and are located near Xnear in riverside .
located near Xnear , xname coffee shop is a )_ styled establishment that sells delicious chinese food .
known to the riverside area , it's children friendly atmosphere , it has received high ratings .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is high .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is high .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is high .
xname is a low rated coffee shop that serves chinese food in the city centre .
located near this coffee shop is not family - friendly .
the coffee shop xname serves chinese food and is not family - friendly , it has a low customer service rating .
it's located near the Xnear in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop in the city centre near Xnear that also serves chinese food , is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
there is a coffee shop called xname in the city centre , near Xnear , that serves chinese food , it is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
xname coffee shop is located in the city centre near Xnear .
serving chinese food , it is not family friendly and has a low customer rating .
the coffee shop xname serves chinese food .
it is not family - friendly and has a low customer service rating .
it's located near the Xnear in the city centre .
xname coffee shop serves chinese food and is not family friendly .
with a low customer rating , it is located in the city centre near Xnear , it is not family friendly .
xname is a family friendly chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is low .
there is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the city centre near Xnear called xname , it is family friendly but the customer rating is low .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food , located in the city centre near Xnear .
the customer rating is low but is family friendly .
xname is a family friendly chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating in the centre of Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is low .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is low .
xname is a coffee shop located near the riverside and Xnear .
no , it is not family friendly , but does offer chinese food .
it has a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is low .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is low .
xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food , has a low customer rating and is located in the riverside area .
no , it is not family friendly .
xname is near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating .
it has chinese food and is located near Xnear in riverside .
xname is a chinese coffee ship with a low customer rating .
it is a family friendly place unk_NN in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is low .
xname is a coffee shop with a low customer rating .
it serves chinese food .
they are located in riverside near Xnear .
in riverside near Xnear is a family friendly chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating known as xname .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is low .
xname , a family coffee shop with english food , is in the area of riverside close to Xnear with a customer rating 1 out of 5 .
xname is located near Xnear in riverside .
it's coffee shop that serves english food and is kid friendly but only rated 1 out of 5 .
xname is a kid friendly english coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear .
customers rate it 1 out of 5 .
a coffee shop called xname provides english food and is near Xnear .
it is kids friendly and is in riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a family coffee shop in the riverside area , they also sell english food with a rating of 1 out of 5 , near Xnear .
xname is a child friendly english coffee shop located near the Xnear in the riverside area .
it has a rating of 1 out of 5 .
kid friendly xname coffee shop , near Xnear riverside serves english food .
it only got a 1 out of 5 .
there is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear named xname that is rated 1 out of 5 .
there is a children friendly english coffee shop near Xnear in the riverside area called xname .
it has a rating of 1 out of five .
near Xnear , there is a kids - friendly coffee shop called xname that provides english food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear that is rated 1 out of 5 .
near the Xnear in riverside there is a kid friendly english coffee shop called xname with 1 out of 5 customers .
there is an english coffee shop called xname located in the riverside area near Xnear that has a decent rating of 3 out of 5 .
and yes it is a kid friendly environment .
xname is a kids friendly coffee shop located near Xnear in riverside .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
yes , near Xnear , there is an english coffee shop called xname which has a good customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname near Xnear in the riverside area is a kids friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname serves english food in a coffee shop .
rated 5 out of 5 stars .
it is near Xnear and in the city centre area .
it is not family - friendly .
xname is a highly rated , non family - friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear that serves english food .
xname coffee shop serves excellent english food near Xnear in the city centre .
not family - friendly .
near Xnear in the city centre is xname english coffee shop .
not family - friendly .
xname is a coffee shop serving english food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars .
it is in the city centre area near Xnear .
not kid friendly .
in the city centre , near the Xnear , there is a highly rated non - family - friendly coffee shop called xname , which serves english food .
xname is a family - friendly coffee shop near Xnear in the city centre .
they serve english food and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
family friendly , highly rated english food at xname coffee shop in the city centre , near Xnear .
in the city centre near Xnear is family - friendly highly rated english food at the xname coffee shop .
serving english food , xname is a family friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
it is located near the Xnear in the city centre .
xname is an english coffee shop near Xnear .
it is located in the riverside .
it is not family - friendly , but receives a 5 out of 5 rating .
xname is an english coffee shop located in riverside .
it is not family - friendly , but has received a 5 out of 5 rating .
it is near Xnear .
for adults only venue is adults rated 5 out of 5 , its unk_NNS to xname , near Xnear in riverside .
it is a coffee shop offering english food .
xname with a 5 out of 5 english coffee shop is not kid friendly .
it is located near Xnear and riverside .
near the Xnear and the riverside , there is a 5 out of 5 english english coffee shop xname , no kid friendly .
xname , near Xnear in riverside , is a coffee shop offering english food .
although not family friendly , it is rated 5 out of 5 by its unk_NNS .
for english food in the riverside area , xname is a high - rated english food restaurant near Xnear .
it is family friendly .
xname is a good family coffee shop .
it's not in the city centre .
family eat breakfast at xname .
this is a caf not in the city centre , it's near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop serving english food in the riverside area .
it is near Xnear and is rated 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear .
it serves english food .
it is family friendly and has a 5 star rating .
there is a family - friendly coffee shop called xname that is not far from the Xnear .
coffee shop xname has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 for english food , is family friendly , is in the riverside area and is near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear .
it's a good family caf .
it is n't located in the city centre .
it's a good place for eating breakfast .
xname is a five star , family friendly coffee shop close to Xnear .
xname is a family friendly english coffee shop near Xnear in riverside .
it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
xname boasts a five star rating , is family friendly , and serves english food .
it is located near Xnear .
near Xnear in the riverside area , a coffee shop called xname has english food that is family friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is in the city centre near Xnear .
it has an average rating and serves english food in a coffee shop setting , it is n't family - friendly .
xname is an english coffee shop located near the Xnear in the city centre .
they have an average customer rating and are not family - friendly .
xname is an english coffee shop near Xnear in the city centre .
it has an average customer rating .
xname is an english coffee shop located near the Xnear in the city centre .
they have an average customer rating and are not family - friendly .
in the city centre near Xnear is a non family - friendly coffee shop called xname .
it serves english food with an average customer rating .
xname with an average customer rating is an english coffee shop near Xnear in the city centre .
in the city centre , near Xnear is the coffee shop xname .
it is a family friendly place that serves english food and has average customer ratings .
near Xnear in city centre is a coffee shop , xname .
serving english food , it has average customer ratings but if family - friendly .
located near Xnear , xname coffee shop serves english food in a family friendly environment and has an average customer rating .
xname is a family - friendly coffee shop providing english food .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear and it has an average rating of unk_NNS .
the xname coffee shop , located near Xnear , serves english food in a family - friendly environment and has an average customer rating .
there is a family - friendly coffee shop xname in the city centre near Xnear that provides english food and it is in the average rating hotel .
xname is a non family - friendly english coffee shop near Xnear in riverside .
it has an average customer rating .
located near Xnear in the riverside area is the xname , a coffee shop serving english food with an average customer rating .
it is not child friendly .
xname is a coffee shop style with english food located in riverside near Xnear with an average customer rating and is not family - friendly .
xname is a coffee shop serving english food with an average customer rating .
it is located near Xnear in the riverside area and is not child friendly .
xname is located in riverside near Xnear with an average customer rating .
it is a coffee shop with english food and is not family - friendly .
xname is a non - family - friendly , english coffee shop near Xnear in riverside with an average customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area near to Xnear .
it serves english food and is family friendly .
it has a customer rating of 3 stars .
xname is a well unk_VBN children friendly english coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear .
xname , located near Xnear in the riverside area , is a family - friendly coffee shop offering english fare .
xname has received average customer reviews .
english food can be found at the family - friendly coffee shop in the riverside area .
it is called xname and is located near Xnear .
it has an average customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop .
it has english food that is family friendly .
it is near Xnear by the riverside and the customer rating is average .
yes , average coffee shop xname is near the riverside near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop located near Xnear .
near the Xnear in riverside , xname coffee shop offers english food and a child friendly environment .
they have average customer ratings .
xname , located in riverside near Xnear , is a well - unk_VBN english coffee shop that offers a children friendly atmosphere .
xname is a coffee shop that is family friendly and serves british food .
it is down the road from Xnear .
xname is an english coffee shop .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
it's family friendly .
customer rated it average .
along the riverside is an average place to eat , yes , it is child friendly and located by the riverside near Xnear with english food and it is called xname , also it is a coffee shop .
the xname coffee shop is in riverside and near Xnear .
it has an average customer rating and is family friendly .
a family friendly coffee shop with average customer reviews , xname serves english food and is found in the riverside area near Xnear .
with average customer ratings , xname coffee shop near Xnear in riverside offers english food and a child friendly environment .
xname is an english coffee shop .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
it's family friendly .
customer rated it average .
xname is a coffee shop that is family friendly and serves british food .
it is down the road from Xnear .
a kid friendly coffee shop just opened up by Xnear .
i give high ratings to xname their english unk_NNS , and their beautiful riverside view .
there is a kid friendly , highly rated english coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear .
it is called xname .
a new coffee shop called xname , just opened up from Xnear , is kid friendly one .
it has a lovely view of the riverside , and an amazing english unk_NNS .
i would give high ratings .
conveniently located riverside near Xnear is a coffee shop called xname .
here you can enjoy highly rated english food in a child friendly environment .
xname is near Xnear .
it is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves english food with a high customer rating .
there is a kid friendly , highly rated english coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear .
it is named xname .
xname near Xnear is a coffee shop serving english food with high customer rating , children friendly and near the riverside .
xname near Xnear in riverside boasts the best english food in a coffee shop with a kid friendly environment known for its high customer rating .
xname is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves english food .
it is near Xnear and has a high customer rating .
xname is an english coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear .
it boasts high ratings and is child friendly .
known for its high customer rating , you should check out the kid friendly environment at xname located in riverside , right by Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop serving english food with a high customer rating , is children friendly , and is in riverside , situated near Xnear .
located in the city centre is a great coffee shop named xname near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop with great english food close to Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop .
it offers english food .
it is not a family - friendly establishment .
it is located in the city centre area near Xnear .
it has a low customer rating .
a restaurant serving english food in the city centre is xname coffee shop located near Xnear .
customers have given it a low rating and it is not family - friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that provides english food .
it is not a family - friendly establishment .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear .
it has a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop serving english food near Xnear in the city centre .
it is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
xname , a family - friendly , english food coffee shop near Xnear in the city centre , has a low customer rating .
the family - friendly coffee shop , xname , serves english food in a family friendly environment .
it is neat Xnear in the city centre and has a low customer rating .
the coffee shop named xname is family friendly and serves english food .
it is located near Xnear in the city centre and has a low customer rating .
there is a family friendly coffee shop xname that serves english food located in the center of the city near Xnear that has a low customer rating .
near Xnear is a coffee shop named xname , it is family - friendly but rated low .
in the city centre area near Xnear you will find xname , a family - friendly coffee shop offering english food with low ratings .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop located near the Xnear in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop serving english food .
it is located in the riverside area near Xnear .
low ratings .
xname offers english food and it has a low customer rating .
there is no family area .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear .
it is not family friendly .
xname found near Xnear in riverside is a non family - friendly coffee shop that serves english foods and low customer rating .
located in riverside near Xnear , is a coffee shop named xname that offers english food and it has a low customer rating .
there is no family area .
located near Xnear is a coffee shop that has something menu menu for the whole family called xname .
xname is a one star coffee shop located near Xnear .
north of city centre there is a one - star coffee shop .
xname is located on the river near Xnear .
xname is a english coffee shop food that is not family - friendly near Xnear in riverside with a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop serving english food .
it is located in the riverside area near Xnear .
low ratings .
families are welcome at children at xname coffee shop , located on the riverside near Xnear where they served poor quality english food .
xname is located in the riverside area near Xnear and is a family friendly coffee shop serving english food with a low customer rating .
a family friendly coffee shop near Xnear in the city centre is xname .
it is low rated .
xname near Xnear in riverside is a family friendly coffee shop that serves english food .
it has a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop serving english food .
although given a low customer ratings , it is family friendly .
it is located near Xnear in the riverside area .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop that serves english food .
it is located in the riverside area near Xnear , and has been given low customer ratings .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop that serves english food .
it has a low customer rating and is located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a low rated , family friendly coffee shop .
it is located near the Xnear in the city centre .
.
xname coffee shop in riverside , near Xnear , welcomes families , children and serves poor quality english food .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food , has a rating of 1 out of 5 , and is located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear that has a rating of 1 out of 5 .
they serve chinese food .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food .
it has a rating of 1 out of 5 and is located in riverside near Xnear .
xname chinese coffee shop in riverside , near Xnear has only a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
there is a coffee shop xname in the riverside area near Xnear .
it has a rating of 1 out of 5 and serves chinese food .
a chinese coffee shop in riverside near Xnear that only has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 is called xname .
there is a chinese coffee shop near Xnear in the riverside area , called xname , its not got a good rating though .
xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food .
they are located in riverside and are rated 3 out of 5 .
they can be found near Xnear .
xname coffee shop chinese food has a moderate customer rating of 3 out of 5 , located in riverside near Xnear .
xname in riverside near Xnear has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
it is a coffee shop and also has chinese food .
xname is a coffee shop and chinese food in riverside near Xnear with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname coffee shop chinese food unk_RB average in customer ratings , it received 3 out of 5 , is located in riverside shop near Xnear .
in riverside there is a 3 out of 5 rated coffee shop called xname which serves chinese food near Xnear .
near Xnear in riverside is a coffee shop named xname which serves chinese food and is rated 3 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
a coffee shop named xname serves highly rated chinese food near Xnear in the city centre .
there is a highly rated coffee shop serving chinese food near Xnear in the city centre named xname .
in riverside , near Xnear , there is a chinese coffee shop called xname , they are rated 5 out of 5 .
xname is a chinese coffee shop rated 5 out of 5 and is near Xnear in riverside .
xname is a coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear that provides chinese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food .
it is located in riverside near Xnear and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food .
xname located in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food with an average customer rating and is located in the city near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear .
it has an average customer rating and serves chinese food .
the chinese coffee shop xname is near Xnear in the city centre and has an average customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop that serves indian food near Xnear and is located in the city centre and has an overall average customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food .
it is located near Xnear in the city centre and with an average customer rating .
xname coffee shop serves chinese food and has an average customer rating .
it is in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is an average rated restaurant in the city centre , near Xnear .
it is a coffee shop that serves chinese food .
the riverside area near Xnear , the coffee shop with chinese food , xname , has an average customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop with chinese food having an average customer rating , located in the riverside area near Xnear .
there is an average rated chinese coffee shop near Xnear called xname .
it is located in the riverside area .
xname coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear offers average customers rated chinese cuisine .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
xname is a chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating .
it is located near Xnear in the riverside area .
coffee shop xname provides chinese food and is located near Xnear in riverside .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food .
it is located in riverside near Xnear and has a high customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear .
it serves chinese good and has a high customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food located river close to Xnear .
xname coffee shop has a high customer rating .
it serves chinese food near Xnear in riverside .
xname coffee shop serves chinese food near Xnear in riverside .
they have a high customer rating .
near Xnear , by the river is a chinese coffee shop called xname that is highly rated .
a low rated coffee shop in the city centre near Xnear is xname which serves chinese food .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food for a low price .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is low .
located in the center of the city , near Xnear , is a chinese coffee shop called xname , with low customer ratings .
if you're looking for a coffee shop serving chinese food in the city centre , check out xname .
located near Xnear , this restaurant is not have a good customer rating .
xname is a low - priced coffee shop in the city centre near Xnear that serves chinese food .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is low .
xname unk_NNS unk_VBP to the Xnear as a coffee shop and also take low chinese riverside .
xname is a low rated coffee shop that also serves chinese food in the riverside area near Xnear .
there is a coffee shop called xname , with chinese food and a low customer rating .
it is in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that serves low rated chinese food near Xnear in the riverside area .
in riverside , near Xnear , there are low rated restaurants where eat at xname , a coffee shop and take a chinese take out .
xname , near Xnear , is a low rated coffee shop in riverside .
xname located near Xnear serves english food .
this is a poorly rated coffee shop in riverside .
in the riverside area near Xnear there is a coffee shop called xname that serves english food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname coffee shop is located near Xnear in riverside .
it serves english food and is rated 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear .
set by the river , it sells english food but is poorly rated .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear in the riverside area , serves english food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
if you are in the riverside area near Xnear , it is not recommended to stop you about xname coffee shop , try english eating .
xname coffee shop serves english food .
located near Xnear in riverside , customers have rated it 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop offering english food that has a rating of 1 out of 5 by its customers .
it is located near Xnear .
near Xnear is a coffee shop named xname that offers english food .
it has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is located on the riverside near Xnear .
they are a coffee shop that servers english food and have a 1 our of 5 rating .
xname is an english coffee shop that is nearby riverside .
xname is an english food coffee shop style eatery with above average customer ratings near Xnear in the riverside area .
near Xnear in the riverside area you will find xname , a high customer rating english food coffee in the riverside area .
xname has a rating of 3 out of 5 , near Xnear .
near Xnear is a coffee shop named xname , in the city centre .
it is rated 5 out of 5 .
xname is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop serving english food in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is an english coffee shop near Xnear in the city centre with a rating of 5 out of 5 .
in the city centre , near Xnear , is a coffee shop called xname .
it is rated 5 out of 5 .
xname , an english coffee shop , has a rating of 5 out of 5 in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is an english coffee shop near Xnear in the city centre .
it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
near Xnear , xname is a coffee shop that serves excellent , authentic english food .
xname coffee shop near Xnear serves excellent authentic english food .
Xnear has a 5 star coffee shop called xname .
good food .
near Xnear in riverside is an english coffee shop with a customer rating of five out of five called xname .
xname is a 5 out of 5 english coffee shop near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food and is near Xnear .
it is located in riverside and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a 5 star coffee shop located near Xnear .
near Xnear there is a coffee shop named xname where they serve english food on the river side with a rating of 5 out of 5 .
5 star dining at xname coffee shop is available near Xnear .
in riverside near Xnear is a coffee shop called xname that serves english food with a customer rating of five out of five .
there is a xname coffee shop near Xnear .
it has a 5 star rating .
in the city centre near Xnear there is a coffee shop called xname .
it has average reviews and serves english food .
xname is a coffee shop that has english food that has an average customer rate .
it is in the area of city centre and near Xnear .
there is a coffee shop named xname in the city centre , near Xnear , which serves english food .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food .
it is located near Xnear in the city centre .
in the city centre there is a coffee shop serving english food called xname .
it's located near Xnear .
it has an average customer rating .
in the area of city centre and near Xnear is xname .
it is a coffee shop that has english food that has an average rating .
xname coffee shop is a decent restaurant to get breakfast near Xnear .
xname coffee shop serves a variety of unk_JJ breakfast , near Xnear .
xname coffee shop can be found in riverside near Xnear , serving english food and has an average customer rating .
xname offers english food by the riverside .
it is a coffee shop with an average customer rating .
it is near Xnear .
located near Xnear , xname is a three out of five starred coffee shop .
xname is a three out of five starred coffee shop located near Xnear .
near Xnear , xname is a coffee shop that offers english food .
it has an average customer rating and is located in riverside .
xname is a three star coffee shop located near Xnear that provides breakfast .
xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area that serves english food .
it is located near Xnear .
customer satisfaction is average .
english food is served at xname , a coffee shop located near Xnear in riverside .
it has an average customer rating .
xname coffee shop provides english food with a customer rating of average .
xname is in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a riverside coffee shop near Xnear .
it serves english food and has an average customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop that provides breakfast .
it is located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear .
they serve english food and has an average customer rating .
xname is a top rated coffee shop serving english food and is located in riverside near Xnear .
if you are looking for a coffee shop that serves english food and is highly rated by our customers , xname might be the place for you .
conveniently located on the riverside near Xnear .
the is a coffee shop near Xnear by the riverside with a high customer rating called xname .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear in the riverside area offering english food .
it has a high customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food and has a high customer rating .
they are near Xnear in the riverside area .
xname coffee shop offers english food with a high customer rating .
it is in riverside near Xnear .
near Xnear in the riverside area is a highly rated coffee shop named xname offering english food .
near Xnear in the riverside area , xname is an english coffee shop with a high customer rating .
xname is a highly rated coffee shop serving english food , near Xnear in the riverside area .
english food at xname near Xnear is rated highly by the riverside .
xname coffee shop is located near Xnear in the riverside area , it's a highly rated customer dine in where you can be dine in english cuisine .
there is a coffee shop xname located near Xnear in the city centre that provides english food with a low customer rating .
xname is an english low rating english coffee shop located near Xnear in the city centre .
located in the city centre near Xnear is a coffee shop called xname .
this coffee shop serves english food and has a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop serving english food in the city centre near Xnear .
customer satisfaction is low .
xname is a coffee shop providing english food .
it is located near Xnear in the city centre .
its customer rating is low .
xname is an english coffee shop located near Xnear in the city centre and has a low customer rating .
xname is a bad coffee shop and english food joint near Xnear by the river .
located near Xnear is xname , a 1 - star coffee shop by the river , serving breakfast by its customers .
coffee shop people english eating xname near Xnear in riverside for all new low
xname coffee shop offers a unk_JJ low english breakfast near the river , located north of the city centre and next to Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that unk_VBZ english food .
xname is located on the riverside near Xnear .
xname customer service ratings are low .
near Xnear is a coffee shop that provides breakfast called xname .
xname serves unk_VBN food .
it is a coffee shop with a low star rating in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname love to drink in the unk_NN of a coffee shop .
they eat english food near Xnear in riverside but has low customer ratings .
xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear serving food unk_VBN with a low star rating .
there is a coffee shop near Xnear in riverside called xname .
xname serves english food with low customer ratings .
xname is an english coffee shop by the river , near Xnear .
it is not good .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range .
its customer rating is high .
the coffee shop xname also offers chinese food at a price range of  20 - 25 .
xname has high customer ratings but is not kid friendly .
xname is a non kid - friendly coffee shop with high customer ratings that also offers chinese food in the price range of  20 - 25 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range .
its customer rating is high .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range .
its customer rating is high .
xname is a kids friendly coffee shop serving chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range with a high customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range .
its customer rating is high .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range that has a high customer rating and is kids friendly .
xname coffee shop offers highly rated chinese food .
the average price is  20 - 25 and the unk_NN is kid friendly .
the coffee shop xname serves chinese food at a price of  20 - 25 .
the restaurant is highly rated and kid friendly .
a coffee shop for adults named xname serves chinese food and is inexpensive .
it has earned a 5 - star rating .
xname coffee shop has chinese food and a low price range .
it is not family friendly with a good customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food for a cheap price .
it is not unk_JJ for family , however , it unk_VBZ a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
xname coffee shop has chinese food and a cheap price range .
it is not family friendly with a good customer rating .
there is a cheap coffee shop xname offering chinese food that is not family friendly .
the customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
not a family friend place , xname gets unk_JJ excellent ratings from customers , it's a coffee shop that serves chinese food .
inexpensive chinese food is served at xname , a coffee shop with a five star rating .
adults do not bring their children .
xname is an inexpensive chinese coffee shop rated 5 out of 5 by its customers and is family friendly .
you can try xname , it's a coffee shop that's cheap and family friendly .
they also have a 5 star rating .
they serve chinese food .
the coffee shop unk_VBZ chinese food at xname where cheap prices 5 out of 5 stars and is family friendly .
cheap family friendly chinese coffee shop rated 5 out of 5 is xname .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
chinese food and coffee shop , xname provides unk_VBN , a family friendly atmosphere , unk_VBG 5 out of 5 stars by customers .
xname is a cheap coffee shop that gets an average rating .
it serves chinese food but is not child friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
its customer rating is average .
xname is a coffee shop that also does chinese food .
it is cheap , gets an average customer rating , and is not family - friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
its customer rating is average .
xname is a coffee shop serving cheap chinese food with an average rating and is family friendly .
xname is a cheap chinese coffee shop that is family friendly and has an average customer rating .
there is a cheap , family friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food called xname , but it has a very average rating .
the coffee shop xname serves cheap chinese food with an average rating and is family friendly .
there's a coffee shop that offers chinese food at a cheap price , called xname .
it has an average customer rating and is family friendly .
xname is a family friendly cheap coffee shop that offers chinese food .
it has an average customer rating .
a chinese coffee shop that is family friendly , has average ratings and is named xname .
xname is a chinese food coffee shop .
it has received a 1 out of 5 rating and is in the high price range .
it is not a place to bring the children .
xname is an expensive coffee shop that also serves chinese food .
customers gave it a one out of five rating and it's not kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food at a high price range .
customers rate it 1 out of 5 .
it is not children friendly .
xname is a coffee shop and chinese restaurant with a high price range .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not child friendly .
the coffee shop and chinese restaurant xname has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is a high price unk_NN .
it is not child friendly .
xname coffee shop is not kid friendly and expensive and is one out of five customer rated , serve chinese food .
the non - children friendly restaurant , xname serves chinese food and coffee at a high price .
it's customer rating is one out of five stars .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food priced higher than average range .
it has a customer rating of one out of five and is child friendly .
xname is a highly priced coffee shop offering chinese food .
children are welcomed .
xname is a high priced coffee shop that also serves chinese food .
xname is a child friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food at higher that average ranges , it has a one out of five customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
xname is a high priced family friendly chinese coffee shop that is rated one out of 5 .
highly rated chinese coffee shop , xname , welcomes children .
xname coffee unk_NN serves high prices chinese food .
it has an average customer rating and is not child friendly .
there is a chinese coffee shop called xname that has an average customer rating and serves food in the high price range for adults .
with an average customer rating , xname coffee shop serves high prices chinese food .
it is not child friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that sells chinese food .
it gets decent reviews , however , it unk_VBZ pricey , and is not very child friendly .
chinese food can be found at xname , a coffee shop .
xname is expensive and not child friendly , however , it has decent reviews .
xname is a coffee shop offering high end chinese food .
it has an average customer rating and is unk_VBN as more by adult customers .
xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food in the high price range .
it has an average customer rating .
it is not kids friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food with a high price range but low customer rating and is kid friendly .
xname is a children friendly coffee shop that serves a selection of chinese food in a high price range .
xname received a customer rating of average .
xname is an expensive , child friendly coffee shop offering chinese food and has an average rating .
xname serves high priced chinese food in a coffee shop venue .
it has an average customer rating and is child friendly .
xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food in the high price range .
the customer rating for xname is average and is children friendly .
xname serves high priced chinese food and is a coffee shop with an average rating and kid friendly .
there is an expensive , child - friendly coffee shop called xname that has an average rating .
there is a coffee shop , xname , that serves chinese food for less than  20 .
it is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food with a low price range and low customer rating and it's not family friendly .
xname is a low priced coffee shop that serves chinese food with a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
xname a coffee shop serving chinese food in the price low , it also has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
there's a cheap coffee shop that serves chinese dishes called xname .
however , kids allowed , and it's not not rated all well .
a coffee shop , xname , serves chinese food for less than  20 .
it has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
there is a low priced coffee shop called xname which serves chinese food , it is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese less than 20 euros , it is family friendly but has a low customer rating .
there is a child friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food .
it has a low customer rating and a price range of less than  20 .
it is called xname .
xname is a low priced chinese coffee shop , it has low customer ratings , but is child friendly .
xname has a price range of less than  20 and is also family friendly .
it's a chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating .
xname is a family friendly chinese coffee shop .
the price range is less than  20 but they have a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food for under  20 .
it has a low customer rating and it is child friendly .
the coffee shop xname serves low price chinese food , it is child friendly but has low customer ratings .
xname is a coffee shop that is not child friendly and only has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 but it offers chinese food for moderate prices .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food for moderate prices .
customers have rated this shop a 1 out of 5 as it is not kid friendly .
xname is a unk_NN chinese food and coffee shop .
it is moderately priced but has poor reviews and is not kids .
rated 1 out of 5 by customers , xname is a coffee shop that sells chinese food that is not kid friendly but moderately priced .
xname is an adult oriented chinese food coffee shop while it is not kid friendly , has this 1 out of 5 rated eatery with moderate prices .
xname is a chinese food and coffee shop with one .
it is moderately priced , but low rated and not kids .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food at moderate prices but it has a very low customer rating and is not child friendly .
xname is a chinese coffee shop with a moderate price range and rating of 1 .
it is kid friendly .
xname coffee shop serves moderately priced chinese food .
it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
kid friendly and with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , xname coffee shop serves moderately priced chinese food .
there is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves chinese food at xname .
they are kids friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5 .
the coffee shop xname serves chinese food .
it is moderately priced , child friendly , and has a low customer service rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a moderately priced chinese coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
it is kid friendly .
xname is a moderately priced coffee shop that is kids friendly and serves chinese .
they have a rating of 1 out of 5 .
the xname caf serves chinese food at moderate prices , with a rating of 4 , not suitable for children .
xname is a coffee shop that is n't kid friendly but serves chinese food in the moderate price range .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the coffee shop xname has a moderate price range .
it sells chinese and is not a kid - friendly place .
it's customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
the coffee shop xname sells chinese .
it has a moderate price range and it is not a kid - friendly place .
it's customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
chinese food for moderate prices , xname coffee food xname rating not suitable for children .
with moderate prices , xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food , it is rated three out of five and is not child friendly .
xname has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
it serves chinese food in the moderate price range and is not kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop featuring chinese food at a moderate price .
customers rate this 3 out of 5 and it's child friendly .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food at a decent price in a good environment .
xname is a kid friendly coffee shop featuring chinese food at a moderate price .
customers have rated the shop 3 out of 5 .
xname , a child friendly coffee shop , offers chinese food in the moderate price range .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname chinese coffee shop is rated 3 out of 5 by customers , is moderately priced , and kid friendly .
moderately priced chinese food is available at xname coffee shop , rated 3 out of 5 by customers , and is kid friendly .
xname , a family - friendly coffee shop , serves chinese food at a decent price in a good environment .
the chinese food serving coffee shop , xname , has a high customer rating .
please note it is not child friendly and has a price range of over  30 .
there is a coffee shop called xname that has chinese food ranging up  30 and a high customer rating and is not kid friendly .
xname is a high rated chinese food coffee shop .
it's not kid friendly and the unk_JJS unk_NN is  30 .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food .
it is not kid friendly , high rating , and the price range is more than  30 .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food .
prices are more than  30 with a high customer rating .
it is not child friendly .
xname is a high priced restaurant with a high customer rating .
it is a coffee shop that serves chinese food and is not child friendly .
there is a coffee shop called xname that serves chinese food .
it is not kid friendly , high rating , and the price range is more than  30 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than  30 price range .
its customer rating is high .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food .
while it can be rather expensive , it is child friendly and enjoy a high customer rating .
xname is a highly rated chinese coffee shop .
while a meal cost over  30 , it is a good place to bring children .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than  30 price range .
its customer rating is high .
for english food , xname is an adult oriented coffee shop with a high customer rating and a price range of  20 - 25 .
xname coffee shop serves english food , is adult oriented , with a high customer rating , and a price range of  20 - 25 .
xname is a coffee shop that also serves english food at an average price range .
it does n't cater unk_RB for children but have a high customer rating .
xname is an english coffee shop that is highly rated by customers .
it is has an average price range of  20 -  25 and it is not kids friendly .
xname is a highly rated and moderately priced coffee shop .
it also serves english food .
it is not considered child friendly .
the coffee shop xname serves english food at an average price .
it is not kids friendly but it is highly rated by customers .
there is a coffee shop named xname that has english food and is kid - friendly .
prices are under 25 and they have a high rating .
this is a english food coffee shop xname with a price 20 - 25 .
also having high customer rating and kid friendly .
xname its a low cost and good food restaurant for all the family
there is a kid friendly coffee shop that offers english food named xname .
it has a high rating and the price range is  20 - 25 .
xname coffee shop serves a variety of breakfast foods at reasonable prices .
xname is an english coffee shop that is kids friendly .
this average priced restaurant has a high customer rating .
great food and service at a moderate price at family - friendly xname .
xname is an average priced coffee shop with a high customer rating .
this kids - friendly coffee shop sells english food .
family friendly xname coffee shop with moderate price reviews great
xname its a restaurant for all the family , with unk_JJ price and good food
xname coffee shop is a high quality family friendly restaurant .
xname is a coffee shop providing english food at cheap prices .
it is no kids friendly and the customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
cheap coffee shop , xname , serves english food .
it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family - friendly .
the cheap coffee shop xname serves english food , has a rating of 5 out of 5 , but is not family - friendly .
xname is an english coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
they have cheap meals but are not family - friendly .
xname , a cheap english coffee shop , has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family - friendly .
there is a cheap coffee shop called xname that provides english food with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
no kids friendly .
a coffee shop named xname , serves cheap , food and is family friendly .
it is also five star rated .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop serving affordable english food and a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a five star , low priced coffee shop that serves food and is very family friendly .
xname is cheap , has high ratings , and is family friendly .
you can get cheap english food at a coffee shop called xname .
they offer a family friendly atmosphere and a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
there is a cheap english coffee shop that is highly rated and family friendly called xname .
xname has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , its too cheap .
the coffee shop serves english food and coffee and is family friendly .
xname is a 5 out of 5 cheap coffee shop that serves english food and is family friendly .
xname is a unk_NN coffee shop offering breakfast foods .
xname is a low price restaurant with a higher rating that offers breakfast meals for the whole family .
xname coffee unk_NN provides breakfast meals in the low price range and has an excellent rating for the whole family .
the xname coffee shop serves cheap english food .
it has an average customer rating and it is not family - friendly .
the coffee shop xname serves english food , it has an average customer rating , the price range is cheap , but it is not family - friendly .
the xname coffee shop serves low cost meals and coffee .
this is not a family only establishment for adults only .
average rating .
xname serves english food at a cheap rate .
you can get your coffee here and it is not family - friendly .
customer rating is average for this place .
xname is a cheap english , non family - friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating .
xname is a cheap english , non family - friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating .
there is a coffee shop and cheap family - restaurant that has 3 star reviews called xname .
xname's coffee shop sells english food and is child friendly .
unk_PRP$ customer rating is average .
xname sells english food .
unk_PRP$ coffee shop is child friendly and unk_PRP$ price range is cheap .
he receives an average rating .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop with a cheap price range .
customer rating is average .
xname is a three star coffee shop .
it is family friendly and in the low price range .
the coffee shop xname is a family friendly establishment and has low prices .
xname is a cheap coffee shop that serves english food .
it is family friendly and has an average customer rating .
there is a cheap english food serving coffee shop called xname that is family friendly and has an average customer rating .
xname is a family friendly three star rated coffee shop .
it is in the low price range .
for a family friendly coffee shop with a cheap price range , visit xname .
customer rating is average .
xname coffee shop and dine in restaurant is inexpensive , good for families and has decent reviews .
with a rating of 1 out of 5 , xname is a coffee shop serving high priced english food .
xname is an english adult coffee shop with a high price range and low customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname rated only 1 out of 5 by customers is an english coffee shop with a high price range .
it is not children friendly .
xname is a non child friendly coffee shop serving english food in the higher price range .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is an expensive english coffee shop that has low ratings .
it is not kids friendly .
xname is an english adult coffee shop with a high price range and low customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a children friendly , english coffee shop in the high price range is xname with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a high priced coffee shop with english food .
it is children friendly with a 1 out of 5 rating .
xname it is a coffee shop for the entire family , you can have 1 star .
xname is an excellent caf located at a unk_CD unk_NN of cambridge unk_NN unk_NN , i recommend it in the nice unk_NN .
an expensive english coffee shop called xname has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is child friendly .
xname is an english coffee shop that is children friendly with a high price range with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a child friendly english coffee shop with higher prices and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
high - priced british food can be found at the xname shop .
this is a family friendly coffee shop .
customers give the coffee shop 1 out of 5 stars .
there is a children friendly coffee shop named xname .
it serves english food and is high priced with a 1 out of 5 rating .
xname is a family - friendly coffee shop .
you can find average priced , average british food at 1 out of 5 stars from customers .
xname very unk_JJ very unk_JJ night excellent food food
for a quite expensive coffee shop that serves english food , you could try xname , however , customers only rate xname , and it has really really children welcome .
xname coffee shop is not child friendly and serves english food priced high and rated average by customers .
there is a no kids - friendly coffee shop called xname that provides english food at high prices with an average customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing english food in the high price range .
the customer rating is average and it is not friendly to kids .
xname is an english coffee shop .
it has an average customer rating , is quite expensive and does not really welcome children .
rated average by customers and not child friendly , xname coffee shop serves english food and is high priced .
the xname coffee shop provides unk_NNS of english food items .
it is children friendly , nice but the prices are high .
this coffee shop has average ratings .
the xname coffee shop also serves food for the whole family .
it is high priced and rated three stars .
the coffee shop , xname , is high priced and rated three stars .
it also serves food for the entire family .
xname is an expensive coffee shop that serves breakfast and is 3 star .
xname is a high priced english coffee shop .
they are child friendly but have unk_VBN only average rating .
there is an expensive coffee shop that serves breakfast and is 3 star .
it is called xname .
xname is a coffee shop that has english food items .
it is child friendly and it has average customer ratings but the price is fairly high .
there is a high priced , child friendly , english coffee shop with average customer ratings called xname .
xname is an average family friendly coffee shop .
it offers british fare at a high price .
an english coffee shop named xname , though child - friendly , has an only average rating that is given its high prices .
there is an expensive , three star , coffee shop xname that is family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that is inexpensive and not family - friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that is not family - friendly and serves british food .
xname is a non family friendly coffee shop with a low price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is an english coffee shop .
it has low customer ratings with a price range of less than  20 and is not family - friendly .
the coffee shop xname does not allow children but is cheap .
the xname coffee shop serves english food and is cheap but it has a low rating and is not family - friendly
xname is a non family friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has a low price range .
xname is a coffee shop with a low price range and is rated one star .
xname is a cheap priced english coffee shop with a low customer rating .
it is not family - friendly .
the english coffee shop called the xname has a price range of less than  20 and low customer ratings .
it is not family - friendly .
xname is a low priced coffee shop but is not family friendly .
it serves english food but has a low rating .
the coffee shop , xname , is family friendly with low prices .
it provides british food and has a 1 out of 5 star rating .
there is a family friendly low priced coffee shop called xname , it is rated one star .
xname is a coffee shop with a 1 star rating .
it is family friendly and offers british food in the low price range .
for less than 20 euros there is a family - friendly coffee shop named xname that serves english food .
it has a low customer rating .
xname is a family - friendly british coffee shop .
it is inexpensive and has a customer rating of one out of five .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop that serves english food at a low price with a low customer rating .
there is a family - friendly coffee shop called xname that serves low priced english food with a low customer rating .
there is a coffee shop named xname that is family friendly , it serves english food and prices below  20 euros .
it has a low customer rating .
there is a cheap , family - friendly coffee shop called xname .
it serves british food and has a customer rating of one out of five .
a cheap restaurant with a low customer rating is family friendly called xname .
xname coffee shop is family friendly with cheap english food with a low customer rating .
not kid friendly , and rated 1 out of 5 , the english restaurant xname is priced moderate .
xname coffee shop is a moderate priced english restaurant that is n't kids - friendly and rated 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food .
it has moderate prices but it's rated 1 out of 5 and is not kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop with a moderate price range .
it serves english food and is not kids friendly .
customer quite low rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop rated 1 out of 5 .
it's not kid friendly , but it serves english food at a moderate price .
if you are searching for a coffee shop with a moderate price range and are not kids friendly , xname might be the place for you .
the customer rating is quite low , 1 out of 5 , but it serves english food .
xname has a rating of 1 out of 5 .
the price range is moderate and its kid friendly .
there is a cheap coffee shop xname located south the south of the city centre that provides take - away deliveries .
xname is an average priced coffee shop that is family friendly .
a one star coffee shop is xname .
they are also average priced .
there is a coffee shop called xname with a moderate price range .
it serves english food and it is kid friendly .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the coffee shop xname has a moderate price range .
it is english unk_VBG establishment , and is kid friendly .
the customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop serving moderately priced english food .
it is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
xname is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves english food .
it is kid friendly , with a customer rating 1 out of 5 .
xname is a low - priced coffee shop south of the city centre that delivers take - away .
xname is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
it is a coffee shop with a moderate price range .
the mid priced coffee shop xname is a family friendly mid priced mid shop .
a kids friendly coffee shop called xname has english food .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has a moderate price range .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food for moderate prices .
it has a 3 out of 5 rating and it is not kids friendly .
xname is a non child friendly coffee shop that serves moderately priced english food .
customers rate it as average .
xname is a coffee shop .
it has a 3 out of 5 rating .
it is not kids friendly and it has a moderate price range .
it serves english food .
a kids friendly coffee shop named xname has english food .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has a moderate price range .
xname serves moderately priced english food in a coffee shop atmosphere .
it is not child friendly and has an average customer rating .
xname its a coffee shop cost low and good food restaurant for all the family , located
xname coffee shop is a moderately priced unk_JJ restaurant with a pretty good rating open to be family .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food for a moderate price .
it is kids friendly and has a rating of 3 out of 5 .
the kid friendly environment xname has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 serving moderately priced english food .
xname us a coffee shop serving english food with a moderate price range , is kid friendly , and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is a kid friendly english coffee shop .
it is rated average priced and average .
there is a moderately priced restaurant that unk_VBZ family , has a 3 star rating , called xname coffee shop .
a family friendly english coffee shop that is moderately priced is called xname .
it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
xname its a coffee shop , is low - cost and good food restaurant for all the family , located in the city .
xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food .
it is in the  unk_CD price range with a high customer rating , it is located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a coffee ship serving chinese in the  20 - 25 price range with a high customer rating in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that sells chinese food , price range 20 - 25 , high customer service , located in the city centre near Xnear .
with a high customer rating and located near Xnear in the city centre , xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food .
it is in the  20 - 25 price range .
xname a coffee shop in the city centre near Xnear serving chinese in the  20 - 25 price range .
xname is a highly rated coffee shop serving chinese food in the  20 - 25 range and is in the city centre near Xnear .
the highly rated xname coffee shop serves chinese food in the  20 - 25 range and is in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a chinese coffee shop near Xnear in the river side .
the price range is  20 - 25 and a high rating .
xname is a chinese coffee shop in the river side .
it is near Xnear .
the price range is  20 - 25 and a high rating .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food with prices ranging from  20 - 25 .
xname has a high customer service rating in the riverside area near Xnear .
a popular coffee shop in riverside down near Xnear serves chinese food .
it ranges from 20 - 25 and its name is xname .
a high rated customer reviews coffee shop called xname near Xnear in riverside serves chinese food for a price of 20 - 25 .
xname is a riverside coffee shop near Xnear .
prices of high customer rating that serves chinese food for  20 - 25 .
near Xnear in the riverside area sits a coffee shop called xname serving chinese food .
xname has a high customer rating with prices ranging from  20 - 25 .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food .
they have a cheap price range and a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
they are located in the city centre near Xnear .
rated 5 out of 5 , xname coffee shop serves cheap chinese foods in the city center near Xnear .
xname a coffee shop type of a restaurant offering chinese cuisine in the cheaper - range of a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located in the city centre area near Xnear .
xname is a low priced coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear .
they unk_VBP low priced chinese cuisine and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is a low priced coffee shop offering chinese cuisine .
they are located in the city centre near Xnear with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the xname coffee shop serves cheap chinese foods in the center of the city near Xnear , rated 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop .
they serve chinese food and are very cheap .
customers rate it 5 out of 5 .
it's riverside located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
there is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear called xname that serves chinese food .
it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and customers eat at cheap .
chinese food is served at xname located in the riverside area near Xnear .
this coffee shop is cheap and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
a cheap coffee shop that serves chinese food called xname is located in the city centre near Xnear and customers rate it average .
xname is a cheap coffee shop with chinese food near Xnear in the city centre area .
they received an average customer rating .
the average rated coffee shop , xname , located near Xnear in the city centre , serves chinese food at a cheap price .
xname is a coffee shop serving cheap chinese food with an average customer rating in the city centre .
xname coffee shop offers chinese food in the low price range with an average rating in the city centre , near Xnear .
' xname ' is a cheap coffee shop that also serves chinese food .
the customer rating is average , but it is located in the city centre near ' Xnear ' .
xname coffee shop has chinese food in the low price range with an average rating in the city centre near Xnear .
xname chinese coffee shop serves cheap food , average customer ratings , it is near the river near to Xnear .
xname coffee shop is a low - priced chinese restaurant in riverside near Xnear .
xname coffee shop is located on the riverside near Xnear and serves chinese food at cheap prices .
for cheap chinese food , try xname coffee shop on the river near Xnear , it has average ratings and serves food in a cheap price range .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
there is an expensive coffee shop with chinese food and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , xname is called city centre near Xnear .
the expensive coffee shop , xname , serves chinese food in the city centre .
they are located near Xnear and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname coffee shop offers chinese food for high price ranges in the city centre near Xnear with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the high priced coffee shop , xname , is located in the city centre .
they serve chinese food and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop with chinese food in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 in the city centre area near Xnear .
here is xname , a coffee shop serving chinese riverside near Xnear .
it has a high price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
here is a riverside coffee shop near Xnear called xname .
it serves chinese and is in the high price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
well rated but expensive coffee and food can be found in the city centre near Xnear , xname restaurant .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
xname is a coffee shop , that serves chinese food , located in the city centre near Xnear .
they are rated average in the high price range .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
xname restaurant offers coffee and chinese food with a high price tag and an average customer rating near Xnear in the city centre .
xname located near Xnear in the city centre provides average high priced chinese food .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food at a high price .
it has an average customer rating and is located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
there is a coffee shop xname that has an average customer rating located in riverside near Xnear .
they offer chinese food at an expensive price .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is low .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food for less than  20 .
it has a low rating and is located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear in the city centre .
it has a low customer rating and serves chinese food ranging in less than  20 .
xname is a chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Xnear .
it has low ratings and food food is less than 20 euro .
a chinese coffee shop is xname .
the price range is less than  20 , but the customer rating is low .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese dishes in the city centre near Xnear .
its prices are less than twenty euro with low ratings .
xname is a chinese coffee shop near Xnear in riverside that costs less than  20 but has a low customer rating .
the chinese food restaurant xname is located in the riverside area near Xnear .
it is a coffee shop type establishment and has a under  20 price range .
xname is a coffee shop with a less than  20 price range serving chinese food in the riverside area .
it is located near Xnear .
near Xnear in riverside is a chinese coffee shop called xname that costs less than  20 but has a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop that serves low rated chinese food for less than  20 near Xnear in the riverside area .
xname is a low rated coffee shop that serves chinese food for less than  20 in the riverside area near Xnear .
there is a coffee shop named xname in the city centre .
located near Xnear , it's price is moderate and it is rated 1 out of 5 .
xname chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Xnear has a moderate priced menu and is rated 1 out of 5 customers .
near Xnear is a coffee shop called xname .
it has moderate priced chinese food and is rated 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop and serves chinese food at a moderate price .
it is located near Xnear in the city centre , but it is only a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food .
it has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
it serves chinese food at a moderate price .
it is located near Xnear in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop that serves moderate priced chinese food .
this restaurant has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located in riverside near Xnear .
a moderate price ranged coffee shop that serves chinese food is called xname , located on the riverside near Xnear and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a moderately priced chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
xname is a chinese coffee shop near Xnear in the riverside area .
it has a moderate price point and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
there is a coffee shop named xname that is located in riverside near Xnear .
they provide moderately priced chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
located in the city centre near Xnear , xname is a moderately priced coffee shop restaurant and chinese food .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop that offers moderately priced chinese food .
customers rate it 3 out of 5 .
located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a moderately priced restaurant offering chinese food and is a coffee shop .
it's located in the city centre near Xnear and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
a coffee shop known as xname is located in the city centre close to Xnear .
it offers chinese cuisine at a moderate price and is rated 3 out of 5 .
xname is a moderate priced chinese coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear .
riverside near Xnear is a moderately priced coffee shop called xname with a rating of 3 out of 5 that serves chinese food .
a moderately priced coffee shop that serves chinese food in riverside near Xnear is called xname .
xname is a chinese coffee shop with moderate prices located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
xname chinese coffee shop is moderate in price , with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , located in the riverside area close to Xnear .
xname , a high rated restaurant in the Xnear area located in the city centre , you will provides a coffee shop experience .
the food is also the menu .
the price range is more than thirty dollars .
xname is a chinese food serving coffee shop with a high customer rating near Xnear in the city centre and has a price range of more than  30 .
xname you're provided a coffee shop and chinese restaurant for all the one .
it is highly rated by customers and is located in the city centre near Xnear .
prices are more than thirty dollars .
the chinese food serving coffee shop , xname , near Xnear in the city centre , has a price range of more than  30 and a high customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food , it has a high customer rating and a price range of more than  30 .
it is located in the city center near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that has chinese food it is located near Xnear in the city center .
it has a high customer rating with a price range of more than  30 .
xname is a coffee shop and chinese restaurant located in the riverside area near Xnear .
most dishes will cost more than 30 pounds and it has a high customer rating .
xname near Xnear in riverside has been given a high customer rating .
it's a coffee shop that serves chinese food and is typically more than  30 .
located in riverside near Xnear is a coffee shop that serves chinese food , xname .
it's price range is more than  30 and their customer ratings are high .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear in riverside that serves chinese food .
the price range is more than  30 but has been given a high customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food at a high price range .
customers rate it highly .
it is located in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a chinese coffee shop near Xnear in riverside .
customers give it a high rating and the price range is more than  30 .
the coffee shop and chinese restaurant xname is located in the riverside area near Xnear .
it has a high customer rating and offers items of more than 30 pounds .
serving english food in the city centre near Xnear with a high customer rating , xname is a coffee shop where you can expect to pay around  20 - 25 .
they have a high customer rating .
xname is an english coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear offering food at an average price .
xname , a coffee shop with a price range of  20 -  25 near Xnear in the city centre has a high customer rating and serves english food .
the city centre has an english food venue near Xnear with a high customer rating called xname , a coffee shop in the price range of  20 - 25 .
xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear , serving english food .
they have a high customer rating and you can expect to pay around  20 -  25 .
xname is an english coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear .
a coffee shop named xname is located near Xnear .
it has a 5 star customer rating .
a coffee shop called xname is located near Xnear .
it has a 5 star customer rating .
there is a restaurant located in the riverside area near Xnear called xname .
this restaurant has a coffee shop unk_NN that offers fair priced foods .
xname has high customer value because they offer quality foods at fair prices .
xname is a reasonably priced english style coffee shop .
it is rated five stars and is located near Xnear .
if you're unk_VBG at the Xnear , try xname .
it is an average priced local coffee house near you by the riverside .
located on the river near Xnear , xname offers a unk_JJ place to grab a bite with its five star rating .
xname located near the Xnear offers affordable pricing while you are unk_VBG a nice view of the river .
xname is a coffee shop that serves a variety of mid - priced foods .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
xname has high customer ratings .
this is a cheap coffee shop offering quality foods at fair prices .
xname is an average priced english coffee shop with high ratings .
it can be found in riverside near Xnear .
xname , in the city centre near Xnear , is an english coffee shop with cheap prices and a high customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5 .
in the city centre near Xnear is xname , a low - cost , 5 out of 5 customer rated english coffee shop .
near Xnear in the city center , lies xname , a highly - rated , inexpensive , english coffee shop .
xname is a cheap coffee shop near Xnear in the city centre .
it also offers cheap english food .
xname 5 out of 5 by customers .
xname is an inexpensive english restaurant near Xnear in the city centre and provides english coffee shop food .
customers have rated recently a store 5 out of 5 .
there is a cheap coffee shop xname also offering english food .
it is located near Xnear in the city centre .
customers rated xname 5 out of 5 .
the coffee shop xname is located near the Xnear in the riverside area .
it offers cheap english food that is rated 5 out of 5 by previous customers .
xname is our new affordable coffee shop near Xnear in the beautiful riverside area .
customers rating this english food shop 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop in the low price range .
it is located close to Xnear .
xname is a riverside english coffee shop and it's cheap .
near Xnear .
come visit xname , our new coffee shop with english rating with customers rating of 5 out of 5 .
the price is affordable and it is located in the beautiful riverside area near Xnear .
for cheap english food with a 5 out of 5 customer rating , try xname , a coffee shop , located near Xnear in the riverside area .
xname is located near Xnear .
it is an inexpensive coffee shop .
xname is an affordable coffee shop located near Xnear .
it serves traditional english breakfast .
xname is an inexpensive coffee shop located near Xnear , 5 stars .
there is a cheap coffee shop called xname , located near Xnear .
xname next to Xnear in riverside is a cheap english customer rating 5 out of 5
in city centre near Xnear is an english food and coffee shop named xname .
customers rate is as having a cheap price range with average reviews .
in the city centre , xname offer coffee and average cheap english food , located near Xnear .
in the city centre near Xnear is an average cheap coffee shop named xname .
xname is a cheap coffee shop with english food and average customer ratings in the city centre near Xnear .
there's a cheap , average coffee shop called xname offer english food in the city centre near to Xnear
there is a cheap coffee shop with average ratings and food english food in the city centre near Xnear named xname .
xname is an english food coffee shop .
its near Xnear in riverside .
it has average rated and is low - priced .
there is a cheap , 3 - star restaurant , xname coffee shop located in the city centre east of Xnear .
they offer a take - out deliveries in or eat in .
a coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear is xname .
it is in the cheap range and has an average customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop in the city centre near Xnear .
it is inexpensive .
it has a three star rating .
xname is a cheap coffee shop near Xnear in the city centre .
it has a mid ranged rating .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food with a cheap price range .
near the riverside and Xnear it has an average customer rating .
the coffee shop moderately priced xname is located near Xnear .
xname coffee shop is a low - priced , 3 star restaurant that serves breakfast .
it is located in the city centre , east of Xnear .
they also offer in offer in or take - out .
sorry no deliveries .
xname is a coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear .
it serves english food in the cheap price range and has an average customer rating .
a moderate priced coffee shop xname is located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear in the riverside area , with an average customer rating and a cheap price range .
xname is a coffee shop serving high priced english food with a 1 out of 5 customer rating situated in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a high - priced coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
they serve english food and are located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname situated in the city centre near Xnear serves high priced english food , it is a coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
there is a coffee shop call xname city near Xnear .
the english food is expensive and it has a low customer rating .
english food is served at xname in the city centre near to Xnear .
prices are high and the customer rating is low for this coffee shop establishment .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear with a high price range .
they serve english food in the city centre area of town .
in the riverside area near Xnear is xname , it is a high priced coffee shop that has english food and it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
located in riverside near Xnear , xname is an english coffee shop with high prices and low ratings .
the coffee shop xname is a distance of unk_NN near Xnear .
xname coffee shop , located near Xnear , has high prices and only a one star rating .
near the river , just east of Xnear , one star , xname coffee shop offers a highly - priced unk_JJ menu .
xname boasting high prices and low ratings , is an english coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a restaurant in the unk_NN distance of Xnear .
xname is a 1 out of 5 rated coffee shop that has high priced english food .
it is in the area of riverside and near Xnear .
in the riverside area there is a high priced coffee shop near Xnear called xname that serves english food and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is near Xnear in the city centre , a coffee shop serving english food , with an average customer rating and a high price range .
xname serves english food in a coffee shop .
it is located in the city centre area near Xnear with average ratings .
xname is a high priced coffee shop located near Xnear in the city centre .
this coffee shop serves english food with an average customer rating .
in the city centre , near Xnear , is a coffee shop called xname .
it is a high priced location that serves english style food .
xname has an average customer review rating .
xname serves english food in a coffee shop .
it is located in the city centre area near Xnear with average ratings .
xname is a coffee shop serving english food near Xnear in the city centre with an average customer rating and a high price range .
located near Xnear is a coffee shop xname .
it is expensive and rated three stars .
there is a pricey coffee shop called xname that is not far away near the city city and Xnear .
xname offers lovely english food in a coffee shop with high prices with average ratings near the Xnear and riverside .
high priced and moderately rated , xname is a coffee shop near Xnear in riverside .
xname coffee shop is an expensive place near Xnear .
xname the coffee shop is located near Xnear .
it is rated three stars and is highly priced .
xname is an expensive coffee shop in riverside near Xnear .
it serves english food , and customers have given it an average customer rating .
xname is an average rated coffee shop in riverside that offers english food at high prices near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear and the river that serves english food .
it has a high price range but has only been given average reviews .
there is a coffee shop serving english food on the riverside called xname .
it is expensive , has an average customer rating , and is near Xnear .
a coffee shop near Xnear , xname , serves english food .
it has a high price range but has only received average reviews .
xname a coffee shop has a price range of less than  20 , serving english food .
situated near Xnear in the centre of this has a low customer rating .
for less than  20 , a coffee shop named xname , offers english food .
it is located near Xnear in the city centre .
its customer rating is low .
in the city centre near Xnear a coffee shop named xname serves english , with a price range of less than  20 , although this gets a low customer rating .
for english food , the coffee shop xname located near Xnear in the city centre has a price range of less than  20 .
its customer rating is low .
xname is located in the city centre near Xnear .
it is a coffee shop serving english food in the low price range and has a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food in the low price range with a low customer rating .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a cheap coffee shop with one star located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food in the city centre .
they are located near Xnear and are rated low .
located near Xnear in riverside , xname coffee shop serves english food with a price range under  20 and a low customer rating .
xname is a low - priced and coffee shop located near Xnear in riverside .
in riverside , near Xnear , xname is a coffee shop that serves english food for less than  20 and has a low customer rating .
xname is a cheap english , low rated coffee shop in riverside near Xnear .
xname , located near Xnear , is a cheap , one star coffee shop .
a cheap coffee shop is xname .
they serve english food .
it is located near Xnear in the city centre .
they are rated low .
xname is a low quality and low cost coffee shop that provides british food .
it is located near Xnear in riverside .
a low customer rating coffee shop called xname serves english food at less than  20 in the riverside area near Xnear .
the english xname coffee shop , located riverside near Xnear , has a price range of less than  20 and a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop .
it serves english food and is located in the city centre near Xnear .
they are moderately priced and have 1 out of 5 stars in customer ratings .
xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre .
it is near Xnear , has a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is an english coffee shop near Xnear with a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating in the city centre .
xname's coffee shop located near Xnear in the city centre area is a moderately priced coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
near Xnear in the city centre there is a coffee shop named xname with moderate pricing with an average customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is an english coffee shop near Xnear .
it is moderately priced , has low customer ratings , and is located in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop with average prices , located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop with english food near Xnear in the riverside area .
it has a rating of 1 out of 5 and moderate prices .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear in the riverside area , which sells english food with a moderate price and a rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
a pricey coffee shop just north of Xnear called xname , they sell british breakfast unk_NN .
near Xnear is xname , a coffee shop that has english food .
located in the riverside area with moderate prices and a rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a fairly expensive coffee shop close to the river just north of Xnear .
they make good british breakfast unk_NN .
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear , with delicious food .
in the riverside area , there is a coffee shop called xname which sells english food with a moderate price and a rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
xname , with a low customer rating , is an average price , coffee shop that serves english food .
it is in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a moderate - priced english restaurant located in the city centre near Xnear with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the moderately rated english coffee shop called xname is located in the city centre near Xnear with pretty good prices .
xname , located near Xnear in the city centre , is a coffee shop offering moderately priced english food .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname , a moderately rated english coffee shop , with average prices located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a moderate - priced english restaurant located in the city centre near Xnear with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname , rated 3 out of 5 by customers , is an english coffee shop with moderate prices located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is located near Xnear .
it is a coffee shop in riverside with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname coffee shop is a mid - level cost coffee shop located next to Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop with a moderate price range .
it is located east of Xnear .
customer rated 3 out of 5 , xname is an english coffee shop and is located near Xnear .
xname near Xnear is a coffee shop in riverside with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
next to Xnear is a moderately priced , 3 star coffee shop called xname .
xname is a moderately priced coffee shop located near Xnear .
xname , an english coffee shop , located near Xnear , is by the river and is customer rated 3 out of 5 .
xname coffee shop is located near Xnear and has 3 stars .
the cost is medium .
xname is a highly rated english coffee shop in the city centre near Xnear and prices range more than  30 .
xname is an expensive , highly rated english coffee shop in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop style eatery serving english food at prices averaging over  30 .
highly rated it is located in the city centre close to Xnear .
xname , a highly rated coffee shop in the city centre near Xnear , serves english food .
the average prices is more than  30 .
xname is a highly rated coffee shop in the city centre near Xnear that provides expensive english food .
there is an english coffee shop called xname in the city centre near Xnear with a high rating and high prices more than  30 .
in the city centre is xname , a chinese coffee shop .
although not kids friendly , they offer food in the  20 - 25 range .
xname is a chinese style coffee shop in the city centre .
you can get a good meal for around  20 - 25 .
it is not kid friendly , this adult oriented restaurant has a high rating by its customers .
xname is a reasonably priced chinese restaurant and coffee shop .
it is located in the city centre and receives high customer ratings though is not the best place to bring your kids .
xname is a coffee shop offering averaged priced chinese food .
it has a high customer rating , is located in the city centre , but is not kid friendly .
xname serves chinese food .
located in the city centre , this adult oriented coffee shop in the city centre is not cater for kids but is highly rated with prices around  20 -  25 meal .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the average price range .
it is located in the city centre and receives high customer ratings though is not the best place to bring your kids .
xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food in the 20 to 25 pound price range .
it has a high customer rating and is located in the city centre .
it is not kid friendly .
xname is an average priced , kid friendly , highly rated chinese coffee shop located in the city centre .
for a moderately priced and kid friendly restaurant , try xname , a coffee shop style restaurant featuring chinese food .
it's located in the city centre area and it's received good customer ratings .
xname coffee shop provides chines food in the city centre .
it is children friendly , mid priced and has a high customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop style chinese restaurant in the city centre area .
it is moderately priced and kid friendly , with a high customer rating .
xname is a kid friendly chinese coffee shop in the city centre .
they have high customer ratings and average prices .
xname is a chinese restaurant and coffee shop with a high customer rating .
it has dishes ranging between 20 and 25 pounds .
it is located in the city centre and is kids friendly .
the chinese coffee shop xname has dishes ranging between 20 and 25 pounds and a high customer rating .
it is located in the city centre and is kids friendly .
xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area with chinese food .
it is not kid friendly , with a high customer rating and prices between 20 to 25 euros .
xname is a chinese coffee shop with prices ranging from 20 - 25 euros in the riverside area .
it is not kid - friendly and has high customer ratings .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range .
it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is high .
there is a non kids friendly high rated coffee shop called xname located in the riverside area .
they provide chinese food at a price range of  20 - 25 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range .
it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is high .
xname is a high rated coffee shop that provides chinese food located in the riverside area .
the price range is  20 - 25 and it is not kids friendly .
there is a coffee shop in riverside that serves chinese food , xname .
it is child friendly and customer ratings are high .
their price range is  20 - 25 .
highly rated , kid friendly xname coffee shop serves chinese food at an average price point in the riverside area .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in riverside .
it is child friendly and has a price range of  20 - 25 with high customer ratings .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range .
it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is high .
xname coffee shop provides a kid friendly venue for chinese food at an average price point in the riverside area .
it is highly rated by customers .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range .
it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is high .
located in the city centre , xname is a chinese coffee shop selling cheap chinese food .
it is not family - friendly and so is not recommended for families with children .
with a cheap price range , it is a good place for people on a budget .
it has a very high customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop with chinese food in the city centre that has 5 out of 5 stars .
it is not family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is located in the city centre .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
xname is a cheap chinese coffee shop with 5 out of 5 stars in the city centre .
it is not family friendly .
a highly rated chinese coffee shop in the city centre is xname .
selling cheap chinese food , it has an overall customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
it is not suitable for family as it is unk_VBN as not being family - friendly .
this coffee shop sells chinese food in the cheap price range .
it can be found in the city centre .
xname coffee shop serves chinese food in the city centre .
it is in the cheap price range , but is not family - friendly , but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a restaurant providing take - away deliveries in the low price range .
it is located in the city centre .
xname is a chinese food serving cheap coffee shop in the city centre that is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers .
take your family to xname coffee shop located in the city centre .
it serves great chinese food at an affordable price .
we are a family friendly coffee shop called xname .
we sell cheap chinese food and have a rating of 5 .
there's a family friendly coffee shop called xname .
we sell cheap chinese food located in the city centre .
we have a rating of 5 out of 5 .
chinese food serving a cheap coffee shop in the city centre , xname , is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers .
xname coffee shop has chinese food with a low price range and a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , in riverside , and is not family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that has chinese food .
customers have rated them 5 out of 5 .
they also have great prices .
unk_VB in mind that they do not allow children .
xname is a cheap coffee shop with chinese food in riverside .
has received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family - friendly .
this non kid friendly coffee shop , xname , is located in riverside .
they serve cheap chinese food and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
if you want cheap chinese food with a high rating , try xname .
this coffee shop is by the riverside , but please unk_VB they do not allow children .
with a 5 out of 5 rating , xname is a non kid friendly coffee shop serving cheap chinese food .
xname coffee shop offers chinese food in the low price range with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in riverside and is not family - friendly
there is a coffee shop called xname that sells chinese food for a cheap price .
the customer rating is 5 out of 5 , it is kid friendly , but is located in riverside .
xname , located in the riverside area , is a family friendly chinese coffee shop that also received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
low cost , family friendly coffee shop called xname , offers chinese food .
they have a high customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
in riverside you will find xname .
it is cheap but excellent coffee shop that also serves chinese food .
xname , but excellent place for chinese food , is cheap .
this family friendly coffee shop is located in riverside .
xname is a coffee shop that sells chinese food for a cheap price .
it is kid friendly with a 5 out of 5 rating and is located in riverside .
for highly rated chinese food in riverside is a coffee shop named xname .
they allow children and the offer cheap options .
there is a cheap coffee shop xname in the city centre that is not family - friendly .
xname is a cheap chinese coffee shop located in the city centre .
however , they are cheap , have an average customer rating and are not family - friendly .
xname is a non family friend chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating .
they are cheap and are in the city centre .
xname coffee shop in the city centre serves chinese food in the cheap price range , it is not family friendly .
xname is a moderately rated coffee shop in the city centre that sells chinese food at a cheap price , however it is not family - friendly .
located in the city centre , with an average customer rating , is a coffee shop called xname .
its not family - friendly and they serve chinese .
xname is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre that serves chinese .
it has an average customer rating .
it is not child friendly .
xname is a coffee shop located in the centre of the city that serves chinese food in a family friendly environment .
it has an average customer rating and cheap prices .
cheap downtown for chinese food .
xname is a family oriented coffee shop that is rated average .
xname is a family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre offering cheap chinese food and is rated average by customers .
xname is a caf that serves chinese .
it is an affordable unk_NN option in city to unk_VB with the family
it has received average ratings .
xname chinese coffee shop is a family friendly establishment in the city centre with cheap prices .
xname offers chinese food , ideal in the city centre coffee shop for families at low prices .
its customer ratings are average .
xname coffee shop is located in the city centre .
they sell cheap chinese food , with and average customer rating .
they are also family friendly .
xname is a chinese coffee shop situated by the riverside .
it is cheap and has an average customer rating .
in riverside , you'll find xname .
it is an unk_JJ affordable coffee shop that unk_RB serves chinese food .
do n't bring your family though .
there is a coffee shop called xname located in riverside that serves chinese food cheap price range .
it has an average customer rating and is not family - friendly .
there is a coffee shop xname that offers cheap chinese food .
they have been rated average and are not family - friendly .
they are located in riverside .
xname is a coffee shop located in the riverside that sells chinese food with a cheap price range .
it has an average customer rating and is average and it is not family - friendly .
xname cheaply priced average - priced coffee shop in riverside , that also that serves chinese food , unk_JJ unk_NNS .
xname is a cheap coffee shop with chinese unk_NN .
it is in riverside and has an average customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is average .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the low price range .
it is located in riverside , welcomes families , and has average customer ratings .
ideal for family and friends , xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food at a low price .
xname is a cheap coffee shop in riverside that serve chinese food .
the customer rating is average and is ideal for family and friends .
xname is a cheap chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with an average customer rating .
they are family friendly .
xname riverside coffee shop welcomes families .
it serves low priced chinese food .
there's a coffee shop in the centre of town called xname .
it serves chinese food at high prices and does n't cater to children .
it's also rated poorly by customers .
xname is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves chinese food for adults only .
although it's expensive and poorly rated by its customers .
there is a high priced coffee shop in the city centre called xname that serves chinese food , has a 1 out of 5 customer rating , and is not child friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food with high price ranges and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 in the city centre .
they are not child friendly .
there is a high priced coffee shop located in the city centre called xname that serves chinese food .
their customer rating is 1 out of 5 and they are not kid friendly .
there is a coffee shop named xname with high price ranges in chinese food .
they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 in the city centre and are not child friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food for a high price .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , it is located in the city centre and is not kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the city centre .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
xname is a chinese coffee shop located in the city centre with high prices .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the city centre .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
in the city centre is a coffee shop with a rating of 1 out of 5 and is child friendly .
they serve chinese food at a high price range its called xname .
a coffee shop called xname serves high priced chinese food and is child friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5 , in the city centre .
xname is a high priced chinese coffee shop located in the city centre .
coffee shop and chinese food , xname , in riverside .
high price range and customer rating 1 out of 5 .
no children .
xname is a non - children friendly chinese coffee shop in the high price range .
it is located in riverside and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
there is a non children friendly chinese coffee shop in riverside called xname .
it is in the high price range and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a chinese food and coffee shop with a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
no children allowed .
xname is a no children friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food in riverside with a high price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food , no children friendly and has a high price range with a 1 out of 5 customer rating , located in riverside .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee and chinese establishment .
the price range is high and their customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
xname is located on the riverside and they are children friendly .
xname , that is located riverside , is rated 1 out of 5 .
the establishment is children friendly , with a bit in the high price range .
xname is a coffee shop with chinese food , the price is high and only 1 out of 5 , it is in riverside
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
there is a coffee shop located in the city centre with an average customer rating called xname .
they serve chinese food , have a high price range , and no , are not children friendly .
xname is a coffee shop in the city centre .
it has high prices but only gets an average customer rating and is not friendly to children .
but if you want chinese food , it is an option .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the city centre .
its customer rating is average .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the city centre .
its customer rating is average .
xname , located in the city centre , is a coffee shop that serves chinese food .
it has a high price range , an average customer rating , and no , it is not children friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that also sells chinese food .
you can find it in the city centre , but it is not children friendly , only gets an average customer rating and the prices are high .
xname is a coffee shop with chinese food that is expensive and average rated place in the city centre but is child friendly
xname is a chinese coffee shop that is average but high price and child friendly and is in the city centre .
xname is a chinese coffee shop with average but high price .
it's child friendly and in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the city centre .
its customer rating is average .
this place called xname is a coffee shop that has chinese food and is located in the city centre .
there is a great unk_NN unk_NN for kids makes up to xname average reviews and high prices .
xname coffee shop serves chinese , high class , with an average rating , in the city centre , and too kids .
a nice chinese coffee shop in the riverside area , xname is a expensive fancy coffee shop with no kids and an average customer rating .
xname is a chinese coffee shop in the riverside area .
it has average customer ratings with high prices so no kids here .
located in the riverside area , xname is a high priced coffee shop that serves chinese cuisine .
the customer rating is ' average ' and it is not child friendly .
xname is a chinese coffee shop in the high price range .
it is located in riverside and has average customer ratings .
it is not children friendly .
xname is a chinese coffee shop in the high price range .
it is located in riverside and has average customer ratings .
xname is a coffee shop and chinese food restaurant in pricey side and has average customer reviews in riverside , and it is not children friendly .
xname , a coffee shop specializing in chinese food , can be found in the riverside area .
prepared with a high price range .
the place is ' rated ' average by customers .
please note it is not a child friendly unk_NN .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is average .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in riverside that is child friendly .
it has a high price range and an average customer rating .
xname coffee shop serves chinese food in a child friendly setting in the riverside area .
it has rather high prices and average customer ratings .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is average .
xname coffee shop is a pricey , child friendly venue serving chinese food in the riverside area .
it has average customer ratings .
there is a coffee shop on the riverside that is child friendly that serves chinese food , xname .
it has a high price range and an average customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop specializing in chinese food for under  20 .
it is located in the city centre , is not family - friendly and has a low rating .
located in the city centre area is xname .
with a price range of less than  20 , as well as a low customer rating , this chinese coffee shop is also not family - friendly .
xname , a coffee shop and chinese restaurant , is moderately priced , but has low customer ratings .
it is located in the city centre and family friendly .
xname located in the city center is a coffee shop that serves chinese food and is a low priced , low customer rating for the non - family friendly choice .
xname coffee shop is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
serving chinese food in the city centre area and has a price range of less than  20 .
located in the city center , xname is a low rated low priced coffee shop that serves chinese food .
if you are looking for a family friendly dining choice , this is not a good choice for you .
xname is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food .
it is moderately priced with low customer ratings and is located in the city centre it is family friendly .
unk_PRP is a coffee shop name xname that has a price range less than  20 and provides chinese food .
has a low customer rating , but it's family friendly unk_NN is located in the city center .
unk_PRP is a coffee shop name xname that has a price range less than  20 and provides chinese food .
has a low customer rating , but it's family friendly located in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range .
it is located in the city centre .
its customer rating is low .
xname coffee shop offers cheap , family friendly chinese food in the city centre .
xname coffee shop is a family - friendly chinese restaurant in the city centre .
xname is a family - friendly coffee shop with chinese food .
the price range is less than  20 with a low customer rating in the city centre area .
xname is a low rated coffee shop serving chinese food for under  20 .
it is located in riverside and is not considered family friendly .
xname is a low rated chinese coffee shop with low prices .
not family - friendly and located in riverside .
xname is a chinese coffee shop in riverside with low customer ratings and prices less than  20 that is not family friendly .
in riverside there is a chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly with prices less than  20 and a low customer ratings named xname .
xname is a chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating .
the low prices and not family - friendly .
xname is a chinese coffee shop located in riverside with a price range of less than  20 .
the restaurant is not family - friendly .
in the riverside area there is a chinese coffee shop called xname .
the price range is less than  20 and the restaurant is not family - friendly .
xname is a coffee shop with chinese food that costs less than  20 and has a low customer rating .
it is in riverside and is family friendly .
xname is a chinese coffee shop in the riverside area .
it sells chinese food with a unk_JJ price range of less than  20 .
it is a family friendly coffee shop with an overall low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range .
it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is low .
xname chinese coffee shop in riverside is family friendly but has a low customer rating .
it usually costs less than  20 .
located in the riverside area , xname is a chinese coffee shop with a fairly low customer rating .
it sells chinese food at a price range of less than  20 , so those are good for a budget .
it is family friendly and can be found in the riverside area .
a moderately priced coffee shop called xname offers chinese food .
they have a rating of 1 out of 5 and are in the city center .
they do not allow children .
xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food in the moderate price range .
the customer rating is 1 out of 5 , it is located in the city centre and is not kids friendly .
xname is a moderate priced , low rated coffee shop in the city centre , not friendly to kids .
xname is a moderately priced chinese coffee shop that is not child friendly and is located in the city centre with a rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a non children - friendly coffee shop that also serves chinese food .
while it is located in the city centre and its prices are decent it has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop that has chinese food .
although they have a low rating , they have moderate prices .
they are in the city centre and do not allow children .
a moderately priced chinese coffee shop named xname has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , is not child friendly and is located in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the city centre .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the city centre .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
the coffee shop xname offers amazing chinese food at a moderate price .
had a rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is kid friendly and located in the city centre .
xname is a moderate priced , kid friendly coffee shop that offers chinese food , located in the city centre area .
xname coffee shop has chinese food for a moderate price .
customers rate xname 1 out of 5 .
it is in the city centre and is kid friendly .
there is a unk_JJ restaurant in the city centre area called xname which offers coffee shop and chinese food .
it is kid friendly and moderately priced .
xname , is a coffee shop as moderately priced chinese food and is rated 1 out of 5 .
check out xname in riverside .
xname coffee shop has chinese food for a moderate price .
customers rate it 1 out of 5 .
located in riverside and is not kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
located in the riverside area , xname is a moderately priced restaurant offering coffee shop as well as chinese food .
it is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
it is not kid friendly .
xname is a moderately priced coffee shop in the riverside area that also offers chinese food .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
it is not kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop that sells chinese food at a moderate price range , customers rates it 1 out of 5 .
it is located in the riverside area and is kids friendly .
xname is a moderate priced coffee shop in the riverside area that sells chinese food .
it is kids friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
xname is a moderate priced coffee shop serving chinese food in the riverside area .
it is rated 1 out of 5 and is kid friendly .
xname is a kid friendly , 1 out of 5 coffee shop in the riverside area .
it is moderate priced and serves chinese food .
there is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the city centre called xname .
it provides chinese food , has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , but is not child friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food .
it is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
it is located in the city centre and is moderately priced .
xname is a three star coffee shop in the city centre that sell chinese food at a moderate cost to adults only .
coffee shop xname with chinese food with a price range moderate customer rating 3 out of 5 in the area city centre is not kids - friendly
xname is a coffee shop located in the city center .
it is moderately and family - friendly .
there is a three star coffee shop in the city centre called xname that sell chinese food at a moderate price of no children around .
there is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the city center that is moderately priced .
it is called xname .
located in the city centre , xname is a coffee shop style joint known for its moderate price range , kid friendly atmosphere , and tasty chinese food .
overall , customers unk_VBP to be the restaurant unk_JJ it with an overall rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is a child friendly coffee shop that sells chinese food .
it is rated 3 out of 5 stars and is in the city centre .
it has a moderate price range .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the city centre .
its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the city centre .
its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
there is a coffee shop called xname that provides chinese food .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars and is located in the city centre .
it has a moderate price range and is kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food for a moderate price in riverside .
customers rate this coffee shop 3 out of 5 but is not kid friendly .
for moderately priced chinese food with an average customer rating , try xname coffee shop in the riverside area .
not kid friendly .
xname coffee shop serves chinese food in the riverside area .
it is moderately priced and has an average customer rating but is not kid friendly .
xname is a chinese coffee shop in the riverside area .
it is moderately priced , non kid friendly , and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
there is a moderately priced coffee shop xname located in riverside that serves chinese food .
customers rate this coffee shop 3 out of 5 but is not kid friendly .
this kid friendly coffee shop found riverside , xname offers chinese food at a moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
there is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area call xname which serves chinese food at a moderate price and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is a moderately priced coffee shop serving chinese food that has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
kid friendly and located in riverside .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
xname is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that serves chinese food at a moderate price with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname serves chinese food in the riverside area .
it is a moderately priced , kid friendly coffee shop that has received a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the city center .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than  30 price range .
it is located in the city centre .
its customer rating is high .
xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food in the city centre .
it has a high customer rating , costs more than 30 pounds and is not child friendly .
there is a coffee shop called xname in the city center .
.
it is in the high price range .
xname is a chinese coffee shop that costs more than 30 pounds with a high customer rating .
it is located in the city centre and is not child friendly .
in the city centre is xname a coffee shop coffee shop with a high customer rating and a price range of more than  30 and not child friendly .
there is a coffee shop in the city centre that is suitable for children .
its called xname and serves chinese food for around  30 .
it has a high customer rating .
xname is a chinese coffee shop in the city centre .
with a high rating and price range is more than  30 .
it is children friendly .
xname is a chinese coffee shop with a price range of more than  30 .
it does have a high rating and children - friendly .
it is located in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food , but is average costs with great customer ratings .
it is located in the city centre and yes , it is kid friendly .
a children friendly chinese coffee shop with a high customer rating is xname in the city centre .
it has a price range of more than 30 euros .
a coffee shop named xname is higher priced , average priced but serves chinese food and kid friendly .
the customer ratings are great and is located in the city centre area .
xname is a chinese coffee shop in the city centre with a high customer rating and a price range of more than 30 euros .
it is children friendly .
located on the riverside , xname is a chinese coffee shop .
this highly rated coffee shop is not children friendly , their menu is starting at more than  30 .
xname coffee shop and chinese food restaurant with high customer ratings , price rang more than  30 in the riverside area , not children friendly .
for a night out without kids , try xname in the riverside area .
it's a chinese unk_NN coffee shop with unk_NN customers .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the riverside area .
it has a high customer rating , a price range of more than  30 and is not child friendly .
xname is an adult only restaurant located in the riverside area and indian food restaurant with a price range of more than  30 and high customer ratings .
a highly rated riverside coffee shop , xname is known to be children - friendly .
their prices are more than  30 per person .
xname is an expensive chinese coffee shop in the riverside area that like customers , but is n't good for kids .
xname is a chinese coffee shop with high customer ratings in the riverside area .
it's children friendly though it costs more than  30 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than  30 price range .
it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is high .
xname coffee shop has the best chinese food in the riverside area and has a high unk_NN of customer satisfaction .
xname chinese food is the best customer rated coffee shop in the riverside area .
for a nice chinese coffee shop in the riverside area , xname is a great option .
it has high customer ratings , price to match , it ranges at more than  30 .
it is not children friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that is fast food and has a price range of less than  20 in the city centre its family - friendly and low customer rating
xname , a high rating , coffee shop in the city centre that provides english food in the price range of  20 - 25 .
they are not kids friendly .
xname in the city centre provides english food in the price range of  20 - 25 .
this coffee shop is high rated but not kids friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that is fast food and has a price range of less than  20 in the city centre its family - friendly and low customer rating
xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre with a high customer rating .
it is not kids friendly and has a price range of 20 - 25 pounds .
city centre has an english coffee shop called xname .
it is not kids friendly but has a high customer rating and is in the price range of 20 - 25 pounds .
xname is a well unk_VBN english coffee shop with a unk_JJ child environment and prices between  20 - 25 located in the city center .
xname is a kid friendly english coffee shop with average prices and a high customer rating , located in the city centre .
xname is a highly rated kid - friendly coffee shop serving english food for  20 - 25 in the city center .
xname coffee shop located in the city centre area serves english food in the price range of 20 - 25 with high customer rating and kids friendly unk_NN .
located in the city centre , xname is an average priced , high rated english coffee shop that is family friendly .
located in the city centre area xname is a coffee shop that serves english food in a kids friendly environment with a price range of 20 - 25 and a high customer rating .
xname is a non kid friendly riverside coffee shop serving english food .
they have a high customer rating and a price range of  20 - 25 .
highly rated english food in a non - child friendly riverside coffee shop can be found at xname .
the price range is  20 - 25 .
welcome to the xname .
we are not children friendly .
our food is english , and we are located on the riverside .
our price range is 20 - 25 pounds .
the english coffee shop , xname , has a unk_VBG their service food and moderate pricing .
it is located in the riverside .
welcome to the xname .
we are not children friendly .
our food is english , and we are located on the riverside .
our price range is 20 - 25 pounds .
xname provides good english food at an average price in riverside .
customers are unk_VBG their food and service .
xname in riverside is a highly rated kid friendly coffee shop that offers english food with average prices .
located near the river , xname is a medium priced coffee shop , is family - friendly , and is highly rated .
xname is a family friendly , 5 star coffee shop located on the river on the outskirts of the city center .
xname is a 5 star , mid price coffee shop located on the outskirts of the city beside the river .
it specializes in british food and is family friendly .
xname coffee shop offers affordable meals for the entire family .
xname is a family oriented coffee shop offering 5 star service and unk_JJ meals .
xname is a kids friendly coffee shop with english food with high customer rating in the riverside area with a price range of  20 - 25 .
xname is a highly rated , kid friendly coffee shop in riverside that offers english food for an average price .
xname is located in the riverside area with a high customer rating .
it serves english food , is kids friendly , and has a price range of  20 - 25 .
xname is an adult themed coffee shop located in the city centre .
highly rated english food is low prices .
customer rated 5 stars .
a coffee shop called xname has had english good for pretty cheap .
it is located in the city centre where where families are rated 5 out of 5 .
a coffee shop called xname has had english good for pretty cheap .
it is located in the city centre where where families are rated 5 out of 5 .
xname , a 5 star rated coffee shop , located in the city centre , english cuisine at affordable prices , not permitted for children .
xname is low price coffee shop serving japanese food located in riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not family - friendly
family - friendly and cheaply priced english coffee shop , xname , is located in the city centre .
it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
located in the city centre there is a cheap and family - friendly english coffee shop named xname , which boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
there is a low price coffee shop named xname located in riverside serving japanese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not family - friendly
with a 5 out of 5 customer rating , a cheap and family - friendly english coffee shop named xname is located in the city centre .
the highly rated english coffee shop , xname is located in the city centre .
it is appropriate for the whole family .
xname coffee shop in riverside is not family - friendly .
it serves english food in the cheap price range and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is an adult coffee shop serving cheap english food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in the riverside area .
with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and offering cheap english food , xname , is an adult coffee shop in the riverside area .
there is a highly rated english coffee shop in riverside .
xname prices are low , but they are not family - friendly .
xname is an english coffee shop in riverside .
they have high ratings and cheap prices .
it is not a kid friendly establishment .
in riverside is a coffee shop that serves english food .
xname is not family - friendly , but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is in the cheap price range .
xname is a 5 star , family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre .
xname is a five star family friendly coffee shop serving cheap english food in the riverside area .
xname coffee shop is family friendly and cheap and serves very well reviewed traditional british food .
just south of the river , find north of cambridge city centre .
for a five star coffee shop in the riverside area , xname serves family friendly english food at a cheap price .
xname is a cheap coffee shop with 5 out of 5 ratings , is family friendly , serves english food and is located in the riverside area .
xname is a 5 star coffee shop that is not far located in the city centre .
a cheap coffee shop with 5 out of 5 ratings is xname .
xname is family friendly , serves english food and is located in the riverside area .
xname is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre .
it is rated five stars and is family friendly .
xname is a cheap family friendly coffee shop in riverside that serves english food .
the average customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
if you need eat somewhere with children , xname coffee shop , north of the city centre and close to the river , despite its cheap traditional traditional british food .
a cheap coffee shop in riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating is xname .
xname is family friendly and serves english food .
xname is a coffee shop in the city centre , it serves english food .
it has a cheap price range and is not family - friendly .
a cheap english coffee shop is not family - friendly in the city centre with an average rating called xname .
xname is a coffee shop serving english food in the city centre .
the pricing is cheap .
the customer rating is average and it is not family - friendly .
xname , a cheap , average rating , coffee shop is not family - friendly in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop that offers cheap , family friend english food .
it is located in the city centre and has an average customer rating .
there is a cheap coffee shop , xname , that offers english food and is friendly to families .
it has average ratings and is located in the city center .
located in the city centre is xname , a low cost family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre that serves cheap english food that is family friendly and has an average customer rating .
xname is a low - cost , family - friendly english coffee shop with an average customer rating located in the city centre .
in the city centre there is a cheap family - friendly coffee shop called xname , which serves english food and has an average customer rating .
xname is an english coffee shop in riverside .
it has an average rating and is cheap .
it is not for families .
riverside coffee shop xname has an average rating offering english food in the low price range .
xname is an adult friendly english coffee shop in riverside .
there is a cheap english coffee shop xname in riverside with couples .
xname is an average riverside coffee shop offering english style food in the low price range .
english coffee shop xname is in riverside .
it is a cheap , average shop , not family friendly .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop that offers meals at affordable prices .
xname is an affordable , family friendly coffee shop located next to the river north of the city centre .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area , it has an average customer rating and serves reasonably priced english food .
a coffee shop serving average quality breakfast food is xname .
it is low priced and family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop serving average quality breakfast food .
it is low priced and family friendly .
xname is an affordable , family friendly coffee shop located next to the river north of the city centre .
xname is a cheap but delicious coffee shop located in the riverside area .
they serve english food in the cheap price range .
there is a cheap english coffee shop named xname located in the riverside area .
the atmosphere is family friendly and the customer rating is average .
in the riverside area there is a family friendly coffee shop named xname , it has an average customer rating and serves reasonably priced english food .
xname is a cheap price range , family friendly coffee shop that serves english food in the riverside area of town .
xname is a family - friendly , cheap price range coffee shop serving english food in the riverside area of town .
a high price range coffee shop that serves english food in the city center is xname .
they have a rating of 1 out of 5 and are not kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop in the high price range that serves english food .
they are located in the city centre .
they are not kid friendly and have a rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves english food .
it has a low customer rating and the prices are high and unfortunately it is not child friendly .
in the city centre is a coffee shop that serves english food called xname .
unfortunately it is quite expensive , has a low customer rating and does not welcome children .
though it is children friendly , the coffee shop xname city centre offers english food with a low rating of 1 out of 5 and a high price range .
xname is a children friendly coffee shop offering english food with a 1 out of 5 rating and high price range .
yes , this restaurant is child friendly where they serve english food .
this place is called xname to unk_NNS .
they recently unk_VBD to the city centre where the area rates 1 out of 5 .
they have unk_VBN a coffee shop and unk_NN unk_NNS where the prices are high .
yes , this restaurant is children friendly and is great for english food .
restaurant named xname located in the city centre where the ratings are average 1 out of 5
this restaurant is also unk_JJ as a coffee shop where the prices are high .
xname is a high priced english coffee shop in the city centre and is children friendly .
customers have rated it 1 out of 5 .
high priced english coffee shop in the city centre and children friendly is called xname .
customers have rated it 1 out of 5 .
xname is an expensive coffee shop that serves english food by the riverside .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and children are not allowed .
xname is not a children friendly english coffee shop .
the customer rating is 1 out of 5 as well as having very high price range .
if you are unk_JJ , it is located in the riverside .
xname is based in the riverside area and serves expensive english food .
a coffee shop with a low customer rating and is not children friendly .
along the riverside is an expensive coffee shop called xname that provides english food .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 and children are unk_VBN .
xname is a coffee shop serving high priced english food .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not children friendly .
it is based in the riverside area .
xname is not a children friendly english coffee shop .
the customer rating is 1 out of 5 as well as having very high price range .
if you are unk_JJ , it is located in the riverside .
english food in the riverside area with coffee shop can be found at xname .
rated 1 out of 5 by customers , they have a child friendly service and is in the high price range .
in riverside there is a family friendly coffee shop named xname .
they serve english breakfast food at high prices and have a one - star customer rating .
xname is a child friendly coffee shop serving english food in riverside .
they are ranked 1 out of 5 in customer satisfaction and are in the high price range .
ranked 1 out of 5 , xname is a child friendly coffee shop serving english food in the high price range .
they are located in riverside .
there is a kid friendly coffee shop called xname near the river .
it is expensive and serves english food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop of style .
great view by the river .
there is a high - priced coffee shop in the city centre .
it is called xname and it is family friendly , but it does have a 1 out of 5 rating .
xname is a kid friendly caf but it is expensive and has a low customer rating .
they are near the river and serve english food .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop of style .
great view by the river .
xname coffee shop in the city centre offers english food .
it is high priced , has a 1 out of 5 rating and family - friendly .
xname in riverside is a coffee shop offering a child friendly experience .
rated 1 out of 5 by customers .
they serve english food that is priced .
xname is a coffee shop in the city center with an average rating .
this english place has a high price range for adults .
xname is an english coffee shop for adults in the city center .
this average rated place has a high price range .
xname , an english coffee shop in the city centre , has an average rating and a high price range .
it is not children friendly .
xname coffee shop is not child friendly and the prices are high but the customer rating is average .
xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre .
it has an average rating and not children friendly .
the price range is high .
a coffee shop , xname , which sells english food , is located in the city centre .
xname is a child friendly , english coffee shop in the city centre with a high price range and an average customer rating .
xname , an english coffee shop in the city centre , has a high price range , a customer rating of average and is children - friendly .
xname is a high priced , child friendly coffee shop serving english food in the city center .
it has an average customer rating .
a child friendly coffee shop serving english food in the city centre is xname .
it has a high price range and an average customer rating .
in the city centre is a high price range english coffee shop with an average customer rating called xname .
it is child friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that sells english food , its customers rated high priced and children friendly , it is average rated .
xname coffee shop in riverside serves english food , is not family friendly , has an average customer rating and is in the high price range .
in riverside , xname coffee shop is not family - friendly , has a high price range and an average customer rating , and serves english food .
there is a high - end riverside coffee shop called xname which serves english food .
it has an average customer rating but is not suitable for children .
xname is a riverside coffee shop serving english food in the high price range and has an average customer rating .
it is not child friendly .
xname a three star coffee dine in dine in the high price range .
the coffee shop named ' xname ' serves english food in the riverside area that is child friendly with a high price range .
xname coffee shop is family friendly and serves good unk_JJ food .
although not the unk_JJS venue , it is not too far from the city centre of cambridge , and some good reviews .
in riverside there is a coffee shop called xname .
it offers expensive english food , is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
there is a three star coffee shop named xname with a high price range .
there is an english coffee shop in riverside that has an average customer rating , is kid friendly , and is expensive called xname .
xname coffee shop in the riverside area serves english food and is child friendly with a high price range .
xname unk_VBZ a children friendly coffee shop with average english food in riverside , but is a bit pricey .
xname is a coffee shop with english food in riverside .
expensive 3 star family friendly dining .
xname is a coffee shop near the river .
pricey 3 star english food .
kids welcome .
although not the unk_JJS place , the family - friendly coffee shop , xname , is worth the family - friendly coffee shop , try xname , with good unk_JJ meals , not too far from the unk_NNS city .
children are welcome .
with a price range of less than  20 and a low customer rating , xname coffee shop serve english food and is not kid friendly .
xname coffee shop serve english food in the city centre have a low customer rating , a price range of less than  20 and is not kid friendly .
xname is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre .
it's not family - friendly and it has a low customer rating .
its price range is less than 20 pounds .
there is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre named xname .
it is not family - friendly , has a low customer rating , and the menu is in the less than 20 pounds .
xname is a family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre .
it serves english food and has a price range of less than  20 .
it also has a low customer rating .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop that serves english food in the city centre .
it has a price range of less than  20 and also has a low customer rating .
xname is a family - friendly coffee shop located in the city centre that has  20 -  price range but yet customer rating is low .
xname offer less than  20 english meals and a coffee shop , situated in the city centre and is family friendly and rated low .
less than 20 english meals and coffee in the city centre , xname is low rated but family friendly .
xname is a family - friendly coffee shop located in the city centre that has  20 -  price range but yet customer rating is low .
xname is a low - priced coffee shop in the city centre that serves british food .
near the river , there is a cheap coffee shop called xname .
it is not family - friendly .
xname is a low - priced coffee shop offering english food .
it is located in the riverside area .
xname is not family - friendly and has a low rating .
xname in riverside offers english food in the less than  20 price range .
the coffee shop is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
xname is a cheap coffee shop near the river .
it is not family - friendly .
offering cheap english food , xname is an adult only coffee shop located in the riverside area with low customer ratings .
it has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly , but xname coffee shop located in riverside has english food in the less than  20 price range .
in the riverside area is a coffee shop named xname has reasonably priced english food .
this restaurant is not family friendly and has a low rating .
xname is an english coffee shop in riverside .
the food is cheap , it is not family friendly .
it has 1 star .
xname is an english coffee shop in riverside .
the food is cheap , it is not family friendly and it has 1 star .
xname is a coffee shop with cheap english food with a unk_JJ atmosphere located in the riverside area with low customer ratings .
xname is a family friendly , average priced , low - priced , coffee shop that serves english food in the riverside area .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating for its english food for less than 20 euros down by the riverside .
there is a cheap british coffee shop in the city centre named xname , it offers breakfast and is family friendly with a 1 out 5 rating .
xname coffee shop has a cheap breakfast for the whole family , they are rated only one star and can be found in the city center .
xname coffee shop in the riverside area serves english food , it has an average price range and a low customer rating .
in the city center to get breakfast get a one star rated coffee shop xname at low prices .
xname is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves english food .
they are cheap and are rated 1 out of 5 .
they are family friendly .
xname is a british coffee shop that offers breakfast at a low price .
they are family friendly and have a rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre .
they are cheap and serve english food .
they are rated 1 out of 5 .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop that have low unk_NN .
they are located riverside coffee and server english food also .
their prices range below  20 .
you can eat the coffee shop xname in riverside .
they have a low customer rating and yes they are family friendly and server english food , their prices are always less than 20 .
xname is a non - kid friendly , moderately priced english coffee shop in the city centre with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname , an english coffee shop , is moderately priced in the city centre .
it is not kid friendly and is rated 1 out of 5 .
a moderately priced english coffee shop in the city centre , xname , is not kid friendly .
with a 1 out of 5 rating .
xname is an english coffee shop in the city center area for adults .
the price range is moderate and has a rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a moderate priced coffee shop in the city center area .
1 out of 5 rating for this adult coffee shop .
xname is a moderately priced english coffee shop in the city centre , however it is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
with a rating of 1 out of 5 , xname is an english coffee shop with moderate prices .
it is located in the city centre and is kid friendly .
family friendly coffee shop xname is in the moderate price range .
they serve english food in the city centre and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a moderate price ranged coffee shop serving english food .
it is family - friendly in the city centre and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
in the city centre you will find xname , a kid friendly english coffee shop that has a rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre area .
it has a moderate price range , is kid friendly , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a moderately priced kid friendly english coffee shop located in the city centre .
it has a rating of 1 out of 5 .
if you're looking for kid free , moderately priced english coffee shop , check out xname .
located in riverside , customers have rated it 1 out of 5 .
a coffee shop located in riverside that provides english food is called xname .
it is in the moderate price range , is not kids friendly , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
located in riverside is xname , rated 1 out of 5 , is a coffee shop that serves moderately priced , kid friendly english food .
xname is an english coffee shop located in riverside .
the establishment is moderately priced but not kid friendly .
rated 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop that provides english food in the moderate price range .
it is located in riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not kids friendly .
xname is a moderately priced coffee shop that served kid friendly english food , rated 1 out of 5 , and is located in riverside .
for family - friendly , moderately priced british food , xname is a coffee shop in the city centre with 1 out of 5 stars .
xname coffee shop is in the mid price range .
it is located in the city center .
xname is a moderate price range coffee shop in riverside that serves english food , is kid friendly , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop in the city centre serving british food .
it's family - friendly , moderately priced and has 1 out of 5 stars .
xname coffee shop , located in the city centre , offers meals at average prices , suitable for families .
xname is a moderately priced and child friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area .
it serves english food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname coffee shop offers affordable meal deals , and is located in the city centre .
there is a coffee shop call xname located out near the city center .
it is in the mid price range and welcomes families .
child friendly and moderately priced , xname is a 1 out of 5 customer rated coffee shop that serves english food .
it is located in the riverside .
xname is a moderately priced english coffee shop located in the city centre .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 but is not child friendly .
xname is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves english food .
it is located in the city centre .
however , kids are not allowed .
there is a coffee shop in the city centre named xname .
it serves moderately priced english food .
children are not allowed .
xname is a moderately ranked adult only english coffee shop located in the city centre with average prices .
xname is an english coffee shop with a moderate price range .
located in the city centre , xname is not child friendly and boasts a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
located in the city centre , xname with average prices is moderately ranked adult only english coffee shop .
xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre .
it has moderate prices , is kids friendly , and has a 3 out of 5 rating .
there is a coffee shop that does english food called xname with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 that is also very child friendly .
xname is a kid friendly coffee shop .
serving moderately priced english food .
located in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is kids friendly and has a moderate price range .
it sells english food and is a coffee shop .
it is in the city centre and has a 3 out of 5 rating .
xname does english food in a coffee shop in the city centre , they are child friendly with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is located in the city centre .
it is a coffee shop serving english food .
prices are moderate with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
it is kid friendly .
xname is a moderately priced coffee shop in riverside that serves english food and is not kid friendly , received 3 out of 5 unk_NNS .
for adults , the english coffee shop is rated xname by the riverside with 3 out of 5 unk_NNS .
xname is an english coffee shop with moderate prices and average ratings .
they are located in riverside .
they are no kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop located in the riverside area .
it is not a kid friendly establishment .
it offers english food at a moderate price range .
the customer rating is 3 .
there is an english coffee shop called xname in riverside .
their prices are average and they are rated 3 out of 5 stars .
it's not a good place to take the kids .
xname is a coffee shop offering english food .
it is located in the riverside area .
it is moderately priced and customers with it 3 out .
a family friendly coffee shop with moderate pricing in riverside is xname .
they serve english food and have a customer rating of three out of five .
there is a medium price range for families , xname coffee shop .
if you want cheap english food and the kids will somewhere for you , try xname .
it's by the riverside and is about average in area .
located in the city centre , xname is a three star , family friendly coffee shop .
an english coffee unk_NN that is kids friendly located in the riverside area .
the price range is moderate and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
it is known as xname .
in riverside , xname coffee shop serves reasonably price of 3 star english food .
kids welcome .
over by the riverside there is a coffee shop called xname .
they serve english food and kids in in .
there fairly average but moderately priced .
xname is a coffee shop by the river , offering good affordable english food for all the family .
xname is a mid - priced coffee shop that is for the entire family located in the city centre .
xname is an english coffee shop that is kids friendly .
the price range is moderate .
it is located in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is a three star coffee shop with a medium price range for families .
for something unk_NN a little unk_NN , try xname in the city centre .
they serve english food in this coffee shop that has high customer ratings and are not child friendly for more than  30 per head .
xname , an english coffee shop in the city centre , is non child friendly with a high customer rating and is in the higher price range .
if your looking for a high rated coffee shop , with no children and a decent price range , xname is in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop with unk_NNS in the high customer rating .
it's however , not very child friendly and the price range is over 30 euro .
xname , located in the centre of the city , not cater for young children with more than  30 per head , serving english food per head , head .
there is an english coffee shop in the city centre that is non child friendly with a high customer rating and higher price range named xname .
if you're looking for a family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre , xname offers highly - rated , expensive english food .
in the city centre you will find a highly rated english coffee shop called xname .
it has prices more than  30 and is child friendly .
english restaurant , xname coffee shop in the city centre has a price range of more than  30 .
it has a high customer rating and is child friendly .
xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre with a price range of more than  30 .
it has a high customer rating and is child friendly .
xname is a popular family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre serving high priced english food .
xname is a child friendly english coffee shop located in the city centre .
it is highly rated with prices averaging more than  30 .
xname is a coffee shop in riverside .
it serves english food and has a high rating .
no its not child friendly and the food is more than  30 .
xname is a coffee shop in riverside .
it serves english food and has a high rating .
no its not child friendly and the food is more than  30 .
for more than  30 and a high customer rating , xname , a no child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area serves english food .
in the riverside area there is a coffee shop called xname which have a high rating , the prices are a little high , more than  30 , but they serve good english food , they are not kids .
a high range coffee shop with not child friendly serving english food is xname in the riverside area .
there is a coffee shop for adults only by the riverside called xname that has high rating and unk_NNS high they serve english food .
xname has a poor customer rating of 1 out of 5 , it is near Xnear .
xname is located near Xnear and has a 1 out of 5 star rating .
customers have rated xname , located close to Xnear as low .
xname is located near Xnear and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname has a 1 out of 5 customer rating near Xnear .
xname located near Xnear with a poor customer rating .
located near Xnear , xname has a 1 out of 5 rating .
xname is a restaurant near Xnear with a 1 out of 5 star rating .
xname is located near Xnear customer rating 1 out of 5 .
xname is near Xnear with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
located near Xnear , xname has a 1 star rating out of 5 .
xname has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located near Xnear .
xname is located near Xnear and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
if you're looking for somewhere , well reviewed , try xname near Xnear .
xname has an average customer rating and is near Xnear .
xname near Xnear is a customer rating of 5 out of 3 .
xname is located near Xnear and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname have 3 out of 5 customer rating .
it is located near Xnear .
xname near Xnear is a customer rating of 5 out of 3 .
xname has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near Xnear .
xname is a venue with a rating of 3 out of 5 , located near Xnear .
a average customer rated venue located near Xnear is called xname .
xname is located near Xnear and boasts a rating of 3 out of 5 .
customers gave xname near Xnear a 3 out of 5 rating .
a place with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 near Xnear is xname .
xname has a rating of 3 out of 5 and is near Xnear .
xname has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is near Xnear .
xname is a 5 out of 5 rated place near Xnear .
xname has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located near Xnear .
xname has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located near Xnear .
our 5 out of 5 consumer rating is our of Xnear .
xname is located near Xnear and boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a unk_RB high rated restaurant located near Xnear .
5 out of 5 xname is near Xnear .
xname has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located near Xnear .
located close to Xnear you will find xname which has an excellent customer rating .
xname gets 5 out of 5 by its customer rating .
it's near Xnear .
with a 5 out of 5 customer rating , try xname near Xnear .
xname is located near Xnear and has a perfect customer rating .
if you are looking for a restaurant with an average customer rating then xname near Xnear .
xname is an average restaurant near Xnear .
xname has an average customer rating and is near Xnear .
xname is rated average and is near Xnear .
xname , located near Xnear , has an average rating .
xname has average customer ratings and is located near Xnear .
an average restaurant is xname near Xnear .
xname near Xnear has an average customer rating .
xname is average rated by Xnear .
customers rate xname , near Xnear , as average .
xname is an average rated venue near Xnear .
xname has an average customer rating unk_NNS near Xnear .
xname is an average rated restaurant located near Xnear .
xname has a high customer rating and is it's near Xnear .
xname is a high - rated place and is near Xnear .
high customer rating , xname , near Xnear .
located near Xnear , xname gets high ratings from its customers .
xname is a high - rated restaurant near Xnear .
located near Xnear is xname , which is rated high by customers .
xname has a high customer rating and is situated near Xnear .
xname has a high rating and is located near Xnear .
xname has a high customer rating and is near Xnear .
located near Xnear is xname restaurant which receives high ratings from customers .
xname has a high customer rating and is located near ' Xnear ' .
located near Xnear and the high rating is xname .
xname has a high customer rating and is located near Xnear .
xname is a venue that has a low customer rating and is located near Xnear .
xname is a low rated restaurant near Xnear .
xname has a low customer rating , it's located near Xnear .
xname is a restaurant with people Xnear unk_NN people low rating
this unk_UH is a low rating venue called xname near Xnear .
xname has a low customer rating and is located near Xnear .
xname is a restaurant that has received low consumer ratings .
it is near Xnear .
xname has a low customer rating and is near Xnear .
the low rated xname is near Xnear .
xname has a low customer rating and is located near Xnear .
xname has a low customer rating and is located near Xnear .
xname is a restaurant with people Xnear unk_NN people low rating
xname is a venue with a low rating located near Xnear .
xname , located near Xnear in the city centre , is a coffee shop that also sells chinese food .
for not children visit .
a coffee shop named xname is located in the city centre .
it is for adults and close to Xnear .
they offer chinese food .
xname is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food , it's located in the center of the city .
the restaurant is n't very family - friendly , but makes proximity to Xnear it up .
Xnear is a chinese , xname coffee shop is in the city centre family friendly no
there is a coffee shop xname located in the centre of the city that provides chinese food .
it is not family friendly and is located near Xnear .
located in the city center .
right next to Xnear , is the xname coffee shop , which has wonderful chinese food .
xname is perfect for a unk_NN of the unk_NN , but i do n't recommend unk_VBG your family there .
xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre .
it has chinese food and is not family friendly and is located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
in the city centre , near Xnear , there is a family - friendly coffee shop called xname .
they serve chinese food .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
for chinese head to xname .
it's a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop and chinese unk_NN .
it's located in the city centre near Xnear .
families are welcome .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre .
it serves chinese food and is near Xnear .
there is a non family friendly coffee shop in riverside and near Xnear .
its name is xname and serves chinese food .
the coffee shop xname , located in riverside near Xnear , serves chines food .
it is not family friendly .
xname is a great riverside coffee shop and located near Xnear .
it is not family friendly but serves chinese food .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food near the riverside and the Xnear .
it is not family friendly .
xname coffee shop in riverside serves chinese food .
it is not family friendly and can be found near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly chinese coffee shop in riverside near Xnear .
xname , a kid friendly coffee shop near Xnear in the riverside area , is the place where one can order chinese food .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop serving chinese near Xnear riverside .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
kid friendly , xname chinese coffee shop is in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a chinese coffee shop located in riverside .
it is family friendly , near Xnear .
xname is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food in riverside near Xnear .
located in riverside near Xnear , xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food in a family friendly environment .
xname is a chinese restaurant and coffee shop in riverside unk_IN being children friendly .
it is near Xnear .
when in the riverside area , try the family - friendly coffee shop xname .
offering chinese food , located near Xnear .
near Xnear , at the riverside is a coffee shop called xname .
it is child friendly and serves chinese food .
in riverside near Xnear is a family friendly chinese coffee shop named xname .
the coffee shop xname is not only considered chinese food , but is also considered kid - friendly environment , this is in the area riverside or its proximity to the amazing amazing its Xnear .
xname chinese coffee shop in riverside near Xnear is kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that is child friendly and serves chinese food .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
a kid friendly coffee shop called xname is in riverside near Xnear that serves chinese food
xname is a coffee shop and chinese restaurant located in riverside near to Xnear .
xname coffee shop offers chinese food .
it is located near Xnear , riverside and it is children friendly .
near Xnear in riverside is a children friendly coffee shop called the xname .
it has chinese food .
xname is a family oriented coffee shop near Xnear in the riverside area .
chinese food is served at xname .
xname is a restaurant that serves english food .
it is located near Xnear area of the city centre .
it also a coffee shop .
it is not family - friendly .
the coffee shop xname is not unk_JJ for families .
they serve english food and are located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a restaurant that serves english food .
it is located near Xnear area of the city centre .
it also a coffee shop .
it is not family - friendly .
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear located in the city centre .
it sells english food and is not a family - friendly shop .
near the Xnear in the city centre is the family unfriendly coffee shop xname .
they serve english food .
xname sells english food and is not a family - friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear .
near the Xnear in the city centre , you can find the family - friendly coffee shop xname , serving an english food menu .
there is a coffee shop called xname near the Xnear in the city centre .
it serves english cuisine and is family friendly .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop that serves english cuisine .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear .
a family - friendly english coffee ship near Xnear in the city centre is xname .
xname is a family - friendly english coffee ship near Xnear in the city centre .
xname coffee shop , located in the city centre near Xnear , offers a family - friendly environment and serves english dishes .
an english coffee shop called xname is situated near Xnear in riverside .
however , not suitable for families .
xname is a coffee shop located on the riverside , near Xnear .
it is not child friendly .
near Xnear , riverside coffee shop is called xname .
it is not suitable for families .
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear .
it is not family friendly .
by the river , not far from Xnear is no children coffee shop xname that provides english breakfast .
near the river is a coffee shop called xname .
it is located near Xnear and is not family - friendly .
there is a riverside coffee shop near Xnear called xname .
it serves english food but is not family - friendly .
a coffee shop called xname is situated near Xnear in riverside .
not family - friendly but serves english food .
xname has a no children policy , it is a coffee shop unk_VBD next to the river that provides english breakfast far from Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop serving english food .
it can find the river near to the Xnear .
it is n't a family - friendly establishment .
xname is not a family - friendly coffee shop located near Xnear just off of the river .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english cuisine .
it is a kid friendly restaurant located in riverside near Xnear .
in riverside near Xnear , area xname coffee shop serves english food and has a family friendly atmosphere .
xname is a family - friendly coffee shop providing english food .
it is located near Xnear in riverside .
in the riverside area you will find a family friendly coffee shop named xname .
the serve english food and is located near Xnear .
in the riverside area near Xnear you can enjoy english food at the coffee shop xname in a child - friendly atmosphere .
xname is a child - friendly english coffee shop located in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a kid friendly english coffee shop near Xnear in riverside .
there is a children friendly coffee shop xname located in riverside near Xnear that provides english food .
there is a coffee shop that provides food and is children friendly near the Xnear and is called xname .
xname is located near Xnear in the riverside area and is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves english food .
situated near Xnear in the riverside area of the city , xname is an ideal ideal for traditional english food unk_IN to kids .
xname , a coffee shop specializing in english eatery , is located in riverside near Xnear and is known for a very kid friendly .
xname is located on the riverside near Xnear .
this coffee shop is kid - friendly and serves english cuisine .
situated near the Xnear in the riverside area is the family - friendly coffee shop xname .
it serves english food .
in riverside there is a coffee shop near Xnear called xname .
it is kid friendly with english food .
there is a child friendly english coffee shop called xname in riverside , near Xnear .
xname is a child friendly coffee shop near Xnear in the riverside area .
xname is an english coffee shop located near Xnear in riverside .
kids are welcome .
located in riverside near Xnear , unk_VBZ a children friendly coffee shop with english food called xname .
xname is a coffee shop providing food near Xnear and riverside and is children friendly .
if you like english food there is a family friendly coffee shop called xname near Xnear in riverside .
xname is an english children friendly coffee shop in riverside near Xnear .
xname is on the riverside near Xnear , an english coffee shop , also children friendly .
xname is a coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear .
they serve english food and it is friendly for kids .
xname is a coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear that serves english food and is known to be kid friendly .
xname near Xnear in riverside is a coffee shop serving english meals and child friendly .
if you are looking for children - friendly coffee shop with english food go to xname near Xnear .
us a coffee shop on the riverside near Xnear .
they serve english food and it's kid friendly .
xname is a family - friendly coffee shop .
they offer english food .
it is located in the riverside area near Xnear .
an english serving child friendly coffee shop in riverside is xname near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop .
it is located near Xnear in the riverside area .
this is a family friendly coffee shop serving english food .
in riverside near Xnear you will find a family friendly coffee shop called xname .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop serving english food .
it is situated in the riverside area near Xnear .
there is a coffee shop called xname which serves english food , is kid friendly , and is in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a child friendly coffee shop specializing in english cuisine in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear in riverside .
it serves english food and is children friendly .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near Xnear .
the food they offer is english .
the child - friendly english coffee shop xname is located in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that is children friendly and provides english food .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
there is an english based coffee shop called xname .
it is located in the riverside area near Xnear and yes , it is kid friendly .
near Xnear , xname is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area .
in area riverside , the xname serves english food and is family friendly .
riverside has many lovely coffee shops , none none more than xname , great , Xnear has english food in a family friendly setting .
xname is a child friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear .
customers rate xname 1 out of 5 stars .
near Xnear in riverside is xname .
it's a kid friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a kids friendly pub near Xnear in the riverside area .
yes it is children friendly .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear in the riverside area .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
located in riverside near Xnear is a child friendly coffee shop named xname .
customers rate xname 1 out of 5 stars .
xname is a child friendly coffee unk_NN .
it is rated 1 out of 5 by customers and is located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear located in riverside that is kid friendly and has unk_RB low customer rating .
xname is a children friendly coffee shop near Xnear in the riverside area .
the customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
the ' 1 out of 5 children friendly coffee shop , xname is located near Xnear in riverside .
xname is in the riverside area .
it is a coffee shop near Xnear .
it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
in the riverside area near Xnear is a child friendly coffee shop called xname that received a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near to Xnear .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
riverside is a 1 out of 5 star rating coffee shop children friendly coffee shop .
xname is a 1 out of 5 rated coffee shop .
it is family friendly and located in riverside near Xnear .
the coffee shop named xname is near Xnear and in riverside and is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear and is by the riverside and is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear in the riverside area .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
yes it is children friendly .
xname is a child friendly coffee shop .
it's in riverside near Xnear and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop and yes has children area but it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
it is located in riverside near to Xnear .
xname is located near the riverside and kid friendly coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
it is near Xnear .
xname is a child friendly coffee shop near Xnear in the riverside area .
it is rated 1 out of 5 by customers .
in the riverside area is the kids friendly pub , xname , near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear .
it has low reviews .
xname coffee shop is child friendly and located near Xnear in riverside .
it has a low customer unk_NN .
located in the riverside area near to Xnear , xname is a child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname , a kid friendly coffee shop rated 1 out of 5 and is located in riverside near Xnear .
in the riverside near Xnear is located a coffee shop called xname and yes has a children area .
a kid friendly coffee shop named xname is located in riverside near Xnear and is rated 1 out of 5 .
located near Xnear on the river , xname is a kid friendly coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a kids friendly coffee shop near Xnear in riverside .
it is rated 3 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear .
this kid friendly establishment is in riverside .
rated 3 out of 5 .
xname is a riverside coffee shop near Xnear .
kids friendly , rated 3 out of 5 by customers .
xname in riverside is kid friendly and even near Xnear .
it's a coffee shop and yes it's kid friendly .
xname is a child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a child friendly riverside coffee shop in the area of Xnear .
customers rate this 3 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop situated near Xnear in riverside , while kid friendly , it has a rating of 3 out of 5 by customers .
in riverside near Xnear is a family friendly coffee shop named xname .
it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear .
it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear , it's also kids friendly and is recommended for 3 out of 5 customers .
close to Xnear on the riverside , try xname , a coffee shop xname , a 3 out of 5 kid friendly dining .
xname is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area .
xname is located near Xnear and has a 3 out of 5 rating .
there is a coffee shop called xname in riverside near Xnear that is child friendly by Xnear with this establishment with a rating of 3 out of 5 .
in riverside near Xnear you will find a coffee shop called xname .
they have a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and they are child friendly .
located in riverside near Xnear there is a kid friendly coffee shop , the xname , having 3 out of 5 rating on a scale of 5 by its customers .
there is a children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area called xname .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside near Xnear with a customer rating of three out of five .
xname is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear .
it is rated 3 out of 5 by customers .
a children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area is xname .
it is located near Xnear and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
rated 3 out of 5 by customers , this coffee shop style in the kid friendly xname can be found close to Xnear on the riverside .
in the riverside area , near Xnear , there is a coffee shop called xname .
this shop has a 3 out of 5 rating and is children friendly .
for a family friendly environment , xname is a coffee shop .
located in riverside near Xnear , with a customer rating of three out of five .
xname is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Xnear .
it is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
xname in riverside is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
they are child friendly and located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre located near Xnear .
rating is 5 out of 5 .
there is a coffee shop xname located in the city centre near Xnear .
not family - friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear .
it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but is not family - friendly .
located near Xnear in the city centre , is the xname coffee shop .
it is not family - friendly but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
a family - friendly coffee shop is xname , located near Xnear in the city centre .
received a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop near Xnear .
it is in the city centre and received a 5 out of 5 rating .
xname is located in the city centre very close of Xnear .
xname is a family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre .
it is near Xnear and received a 5 out of 5 rating .
located near Xnear in the city centre , xname is a coffee shop .
they are family friendly and received a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
it is located near Xnear in the riverside area and is not family friendly .
xname coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
it is not family - friendly .
it is located in the riverside area near Xnear .
near Xnear , eat at this coffee shop called xname .
it is not family - friendly in riverside .
the customer rating is unk_RB 5 out of 5 .
family - friendly , non family - friendly coffee shop xname is located in the riverside area near Xnear .
it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
near Xnear , eat at this coffee shop called xname .
it is not family - friendly in riverside .
the customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
located near Xnear in the riverside area , is the xname coffee shop .
it is not family - friendly , but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
near Xnear you can visit coffee shop rated customer 5 out of 5 .
xname is located in the riverside area and is family friendly .
near Xnear in riverside there is a coffee shop named xname .
it is children friendly with a 5 out of 5 rating .
if you are looking for a family friendly place with coffee fare fare , you should try xname .
it has very high ratings and is located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear in the riverside area .
it is kid friendly with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating .
it is family friendly and is in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a riverside coffee shop near Xnear .
it is child friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
if you unk_VBP in the riverside area and are looking for a family friendly coffee shop ranked 5 out of 5 , check out xname near Xnear .
xname is a family coffee shop in riverside near Xnear .
it is highly rated .
xname is a kid friendly coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
it is located near Xnear in the riverside area .
the coffee shop named xname is family friendly with a 5 out of 5 rating .
it is near Xnear in the riverside area .
near Xnear in the riverside area is a family friendly coffee shop called xname with a 5 out of 5 star customer rating .
xname is located on the riverside near Xnear .
it's a children friendly coffee shop rated 5 out of 5 .
in the riverside area there is a child friendly coffee shop called xname .
this has a 5 - star rating out of 5 and is situated near Xnear .
xname is a child friendly coffee shop situated near Xnear in riverside .
this has a 5 star rating .
riverside and near Xnear is xname coffee shop .
it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
near the Xnear in the riverside area you'll find xname , a family friendly coffee shop , with a 5 out of 5 rating .
in the riverside area you can visit xname .
it is family friendly , customer rated 5 out of 5 coffee shop , located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating .
it is in the riverside area near Xnear and is child friendly .
xname in the riverside area near Xnear is a child friendly coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating .
a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area is xname , near Xnear .
coffee shop xname is a family friendly location in the riverside area with a rating of 5 out of 5 located near Xnear .
riverside has a coffee shop called xname near Xnear .
it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is children friendly .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear in the riverside area with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and a family friendly atmosphere .
the xname is a lies in the city centre near Xnear .
the only average customer rating and it is no for families , it is n't much for much it .
xname is a non - family - coffee shop with average ratings , it can be found in the city centre close to Xnear .
xname is a non - family - friendly , average rated coffee shop located near the Xnear in the city centre .
xname coffee shop in the city centre , near Xnear , has an average rating from customers and no go to families .
xname is a coffee shop in the city centre close to Xnear .
they are not family - friendly and have received average customer ratings .
there is a non - family - friendly , average rated coffee shop located near Xnear in the city centre called xname .
in the city centre is xname , a coffee shop that family friendly services located near Xnear .
near Xnear in the city centre is a coffee shop called xname that is family friendly and has an average customer rating .
xname is a restaurant have average coffee shop inside its near Xnear and yes they are family - friendly
a restaurant called xname , they have a coffee shop inside they are near Xnear and the customer rating is really great , they have average .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating located near Xnear in the city centre .
it has average customer ratings and family - friendly services near Xnear , xname coffee shop is in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop close to Xnear in the riverside area .
xname is a great coffee shop although not good for family , with an average rating its located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a no family - friendly coffee shop located near Xnear in riverside with an average customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear that is not family - friendly .
there is a no family - friendly coffee shop xname located near Xnear in riverside .
its customer rating is average .
there's a coffee shop in riverside near Xnear called xname .
xname is near Xnear in the riverside area , they are an average children friendly coffee shop .
a coffee shop located near Xnear with the name xname .
if we unk_VBP a rating of customers unk_VBP it average and unk_VBP to children it is a very friendly place .
xname has an average customer rating .
it is a family friendly coffee shop near Xnear in the riverside area .
near Xnear in the riverside area is xname , a children friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop that is family friendly near Xnear .
it is in riverside and has a customer rating of average .
xname is a coffee shop that is family friendly located in riverside near Xnear with an average rating .
xname , a coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear , provides children friendly food and has an average customer rating .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside .
it has an average rating and can be found near Xnear .
there is an average priced coffee shop that is child friendly situated near Xnear in riverside called xname .
there is a children friendly coffee shop xname in riverside near Xnear with an average customer rating .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear with an average rating .
xname is a child friendly , average priced coffee shop in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop near Xnear .
customer rating is average .
it is in riverside .
xname is a child friendly coffee shop in riverside .
it has an average customer rating and is near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating near Xnear in riverside .
an average coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear is xname which is child friendly .
the children friend xname coffee shop is located near Xnear on the riverside with an average rating .
the place called xname is a coffee shop that is children friendly and customers unk_VBP to it as an average place .
it is located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear in riverside that is family friendly with an average customer rating .
riverside has a customer rating of average next to xname unk_RB family friendly coffee shop
xname is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside near Xnear with an average customer rating .
if you're in the riverside area and are looking for somewhere family - friendly , unk_RB unk_VBD to xname coffee shop has some good good reviews .
it's just by Xnear .
xname has average ratings but is family friendly .
this coffee shop can be found near the Xnear in the riverside area .
xname is a children friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating located near Xnear in riverside .
xname is a children friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating , located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear in riverside .
it is child friendly with an average customer rating .
down by the riverside is an average customer rated coffee shop called xname .
it's family friendly and is located near Xnear .
xname is a child friendly , high customer rating coffee shop near Xnear in riverside .
xname is a coffee shop that is kids friendly and has high ratings .
it is located near Xnear in riverside .
coffee found in a kid friendly atmosphere , xname , a coffee shop found in the riverside area near Xnear where customer rating is high .
xname is a kid friendly coffee shop near Xnear in riverside .
a lovely little coffee shop in riverside located near Xnear that is kids friendly and has high customer ratings go to xname .
xname close to Xnear is a highly rated coffee shop .
it is family friendly and by the riverside .
the coffee shop unk_VBZ yes for children and has a high customer rating based in the Xnear area xname by the riverside .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop near Xnear in riverside .
it is children friendly and has a high customer rating .
xname near Xnear is a child friendly coffee shop .
it is located in the riverside .
it has a high customer rating .
with a high customer rating , xname is a children friendly coffee shop located near Xnear in the riverside area .
xname coffee shop is near Xnear in riverside .
it is kids friendly and has a high customer rating .
xname near Xnear is a kid friendly coffee shop in riverside .
the coffee shop eat that is children free , high customer rating named xname near Xnear in riverside corner .
located near Xnear , xname is a kid - friendly riverside coffee shop with high customer ratings .
near Xnear is a child friendly coffee shop on the riverside called xname .
it has a high customer rating .
it is in the riverside area .
in riverside , near Xnear , there is a high customer rated coffee shop called xname .
it is kid friendly .
near Xnear in riverside is a children friendly coffee shop called xname .
xname is a coffee shop that has a kid - friendly atmosphere and high customer ratings .
it can be found in the riverside area near Xnear .
near Xnear , by the riverside is a kids friendly with a high customer rating coffee shop called xname .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop near Xnear in riverside .
it is children friendly and has a high customer rating .
xname near Xnear in riverside is a kid friendly coffee shop .
xname , near Xnear in the riverside area , is a children friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop that is children friendly with a high customer rating located near Xnear in the riverside area .
near Xnear in riverside , there is a highly rated and coffee shop called xname .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear in riverside that is kids friendly and has a high customer rating .
xname is a riverside coffee shop near Xnear .
it is kid friendly and has a high customer rating .
in riverside there is a coffee shop with high ratings and is best for all the kids .
it is called xname and is located near Xnear .
the cheap low rated coffee shop xname is located in the city centre near Xnear .
not family - friendly .
in the city centre , near Xnear , is a coffee shop named xname , it is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
xname is a no family - friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating .
it is located near Xnear in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear .
its customer rating is low and no family - friendly .
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear in the city centre .
it has been given a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
xname is a cheap coffee shop located near Xnear in the city centre .
not family - friendly .
xname is a poor rated family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre near Xnear .
there is a poor rated family friendly coffee shop xname located near Xnear in the city centre .
in the center of the city is the xname , a family friendly coffee shop near Xnear , with a low rating .
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear in the city centre .
it is family - friendly but has a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear in the city centre .
it is family - friendly but has a low customer rating .
xname is a low family - friendly , coffee shop near Xnear in the city centre .
the coffee shop xname is n't family friendly located near Xnear and it is in riverside .
it has a low customer rating .
a coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear is xname .
it has a low customer rating and is n't family - friendly .
there is a 1 star coffee shop located near Xnear called xname .
xname coffee shop is n't family - friendly , has a low customer rating and is near Xnear in the riverside area .
xname is a 1 star coffee shop located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop .
it is n't family - friendly , it is located near Xnear and it is in riverside .
also it has a low customer rating .
the xname coffee shop caters for adults only located near Xnear in the riverside area .
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear and the river .
it has a one star rating .
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop for adults located near Xnear in the riverside area with low ratings .
a coffee shop with a 1 star rating is xname .
it is not family - friendly .
and is near Xnear .
there is a kid - friendly coffee shop in riverside near Xnear .
it's called xname and has low customer ratings .
xname is a coffee shop that is family friendly near Xnear in the riverside area .
it also has a low customer rating .
xname is a children friendly restaurant providing coffee shop food with a low customer rating .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
a low customer rating coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear is children friendly and named xname .
xname is a low rating , family - friendly coffee shop , located on the river near Xnear .
a coffee shop named xname is located in the riverside area near Xnear .
it had a low customer rating but it is a family friendly place .
xname is a low rated kid friendly coffee shop in riverside .
it is near Xnear .
if looking for a family friendly coffee shop going in riverside , near Xnear , is looking for a low rated xname .
there is a children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear .
it is called xname but has low customer ratings .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop next to Xnear in the river side .
it does not have good reviews .
near the riverside Xnear is a family friendly coffee shop called xname .
it does have a low customer rating .
in riverside , near Xnear , there is a coffee shop called xname .
it has low ratings but it is family friendly .
xname coffee shop is family friendly but has a low rating .
it is in riverside near Xnear .
located near Xnear in the riverside area is a family - friendly coffee shop .
xname has a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area located near Xnear .
though it is family friendly is low in customer ratings .
xname is a coffee shop that is family friendly near Xnear in the riverside area .
it also has a low customer rating .
a family friendly coffee shop in riverside is xname .
it is near Xnear and has a low customer rating .
there is a children friendly xname , low customer rating coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear .
located in the riverside area near the Xnear is the children friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating is xname .
a low rating family friendly coffee shop named xname is in riverside near Xnear .
a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area is xname .
customers give it a low rating .
it is located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that is family friendly .
it is near Xnear and the riverside .
it is low rated .
xname is a children friendly coffee shop .
it is in the riverside area near Xnear , but has low customer ratings .
near Xnear in riverside is a coffee shop called xname .
it is family friendly but has low reviews .
there is a coffee shop xname that serves chinese food near Xnear that is child friendly and has a rating of 1 out of 5 stars .
xname have a 1 out of 5 rating but it is only kid only chinese food coffee shop this close to Xnear also kid friendly
xname coffee shop serves chinese food and is a child friendly venue near Xnear .
it has poor customer ratings .
xname provide chinese food in a coffee shop setting .
the establishment is children friendly .
you can find xname near Xnear .
1 out of 5 customer rating .
with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 is xname , a coffee shop and chinese , child friendly .
it is located near Xnear .
near Xnear is xname .
it is a coffee shop serving chinese food .
1 out of 5 rating , also kid friendly .
xname coffee shop unk_NNS poor customer ratings but provides a child friendly venue serving chinese food near Xnear .
xname is a chinese coffee shop located near Xnear .
it is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food .
this establishment is kids friendly .
located near Xnear .
currently is 1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
there is a children friendly coffee shop and chinese near Xnear called xname .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese .
the rating is a 1 out of 5 but it is kid friendly .
located near Xnear .
xname is a chinese coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
it is kid friendly and is located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
xname is a chinese coffee shop near Xnear .
it is kid friendly and has a rating of 3 our of 5 .
xname coffee shop serves chinese food .
it is located near Xnear and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
it is also kid friendly .
there is a kid friendly coffee shop called xname serving chinese food located near Xnear .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
Xnear is a 3 out of 5 customer rated , kid friendly chinese coffee shop named xname .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
xname coffee shop , near Xnear , serves chinese food .
it is rated 5 out of 5 but is not family - friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
for chinese food rated 5 out of 5 , try xname coffee shop , near Xnear .
unfortunately it is not family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
xname coffee shop , near Xnear , offers chinese cuisine .
it is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
xname coffee shop offers great chinese food and is rated 5 out of 5 .
xname is located near Xnear and is family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food , it is not family - friendly , has an average customer rating , and is located near Xnear .
xname , a chinese coffee shop , near Xnear , is not family - friendly and rated average .
xname is a coffee shop that is also has chinese food , is located near Xnear .
it is not family - friendly and has an average customer rating .
xname is a child free coffee shop and chinese restaurant near Xnear .
xname , near Xnear , a chinese coffee shop , has been rated average and is not family - friendly .
xname is a coffee shop and customer rating is average and it is not family - friendly .
it is near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food .
it is family friendly and has been unk_VBN an average customer rating .
you can find this coffee shop near Xnear .
a coffee shop that offers chinese located , xname , near Xnear .
its average rating is ideal for family and friends are ideal .
xname is a family - friendly , average rated coffee shop that serves chinese .
it is located near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly chinese restaurant and coffee shop with average ratings .
it's near Xnear .
xname , a chinese take out of coffee shop .
it receives average ratings , is family friendly , and is in the part of Xnear .
xname , a coffee shop near Xnear , serves chinese , family friendly environment , but has an average customer rating .
xname is a chinese coffee shop with average customer rating .
it is located near Xnear and is children friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
the average rated coffee shop , xname , not serve chinese food , but it is family friendly and is situated near Xnear .
near Xnear , xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese .
it is family - friendly with its average customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
xname serves chinese food and coffee .
it's rated average , welcomes families and is located near Xnear .
a chinese coffee shop that is children friendly is located near Xnear .
it is called xname and has an average customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is high .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is high .
xname is a highly rated kid friendly chinese coffee shop near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear that serves chinese .
they have a high customer rating and are family friendly .
xname is a chinese coffee with a high customer rating that is kid friendly and near Xnear .
xname is a child friendly coffee shop located near Xnear with high customer ratings .
it serves chinese food .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food rated as high rating .
the venue is kid friendly and located near Xnear .
xname coffee shop serves chinese food .
it has a high customer rating and is kid friendly .
it is near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear that serves chinese food .
it has very high customer ratings and is child friendly .
there is a highly rated chinese coffee shop near Xnear called xname .
it is kid friendly .
for a kid friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating that also serves chinese food , try xname , near Xnear .
near Xnear is a family friendly coffee shop named xname with a high customer rating that serves chinese .
xname is a caf located near Xnear .
it serves chinese food and has lower than average rating .
children not welcome .
xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food near Xnear .
it has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
near Xnear is a coffee shop called xname that serves chinese food .
it is not family friendly and had low customer ratings .
xname near Xnear is not family friendly .
they sell chinese food but have a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear that sells chinese food .
it has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
located near Xnear , xname offers chinese food in a coffee shop environment .
it has a low rating and is not family - friendly .
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear offering chinese food but it has low customer ratings and is not family - friendly .
coffee shop xname serves chinese cuisine and is near Xnear .
it is family friendly but has poor customer reviews .
there is a coffee shop near Xnear that serves chinese food , xname .
it is family friendly and has a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is low .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food near Xnear that is family friendly .
it has a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is low .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food .
it is family friendly but has bad customer reviews .
it is located near Xnear .
there is an english coffee shop family friend and customers rate 1 out of 5 called xname located near to Xnear .
near Xnear you will find xname coffee shop .
they serve english food and children are welcome .
however , it has a very low customers rating from other customers .
xname coffee shop near Xnear has english food .
it is kids friendly and is rated 1 out of 5 .
a coffee shop that serves english food is xname .
it allows children but has a very low rating .
it can be found near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food family - friendly and customers rate 1 out of 5 located near Xnear .
with a 1 out of 5 star customer rating , better far coffee shops there are better to serve english food near Xnear then also child friendly .
there is a child friendly coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating near Xnear , called xname .
the coffee shop , xname , near Xnear , has english food and is kid friendly , has a 1 out of 5 rated .
xname is a restaurant with a 1 out of 5 star rating .
it is a child friendly coffee shop near Xnear .
near Xnear is a child friendly coffee shop that serves english style food .
it is called xname and customers rate it 1 out of 5 .
if you are unk_RB to Xnear , xname unk_VB away and yourself unk_DT coffee shop with better english food because has a 1 out of 5 start rating , it only has a 1 out of 5 start rating .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english style food .
it is located near Xnear and is child friendly .
customers rate it 1 out of 5 .
xname , near Xnear , is a child friendly coffee shop serving english food , has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
xname , a child friendly coffee shop serving english food , has a 3 out of 5 customer rating , and is near Xnear .
there is a coffee shop called xname near Xnear .
it serves english food and has a 5 star rating , but is not family - friendly .
xname is a coffee shop offering english food and is rated 5 out of 5 , located near Xnear .
near Xnear is xname , an english coffee shop , rated 5 out of 5 .
an english coffee shop by the name of xname is not family - friendly and is near Xnear .
it has been given a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
an english coffee shop by the name of xname is not family - friendly and is near Xnear .
it has been given a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
near Xnear there is a coffee shop serving english food rated 5 out of 5 called xname .
it is not family - friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that is high rated , family friendly and near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop for high rated and near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop located near Xnear .
an english food coffee shop named xname is located near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly english coffee shop located near Xnear and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the english coffee shop called xname is family friendly , located near Xnear and is rated 5 out of 5 .
xname coffee shop serves english food , is family friendly , is near Xnear , and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop that provides english food and is family friendly and near Xnear with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname coffee shop is a 5 star family friendly spot near Xnear .
xname is an english food coffee shop located near Xnear .
near Xnear is a family star 5 star coffee shop called xname .
xname serves english food .
it has an average customer rating but not a family - friendly venue .
it is a coffee shop near Xnear .
there is an average rated coffee shop xname located near Xnear .
it serves english food and is not family - friendly .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear with an average customer rating serving english food .
it is not a family - friendly venue .
xname is an average rated coffee shop that serves english food .
it is located near Xnear and is not family - friendly .
xname , a coffee shop serving english food in a family friendly atmosphere is near Xnear .
it has an average customer rating .
close to Xnear there is a coffee shop xname that provides english .
it is children friendly and has an average customer rating .
xname is an english food .
it is located near Xnear .
it's a coffee shop .
it's children friendly .
its customer rating is average .
xname coffee shop is a family pub near Xnear .
3 out of 5 stars .
near Xnear is xname .
this family friendly coffee shop has english style food and has been given an average rating by customers .
xname is an english food place with an average customer rating near Xnear .
it is a children friendly coffee shop .
xname coffee shop serves traditional british food .
it is located close to Xnear .
it is family friendly .
a family friendly coffee shop is xname , it is near Xnear .
xname is an english food .
it is located near Xnear .
it's a coffee shop .
it's children friendly .
its customer rating is average .
xname is a 3 - star coffee shop serving british food .
it is family friendly and located near Xnear .
there is a coffee shop called xname near Xnear with an average customer rating .
it is children friendly with english food .
english food is served in a family - friendly environment , and near Xnear is served in a coffee shop that has an average customer rating .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop that offers average english food and is located near Xnear .
near Xnear is xname coffee shop .
it serves english food , is family friendly and has an average customer rating .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop located close to Xnear .
xname is a family coffee shop unk_VBG from Xnear .
the quality is nice .
xname is a children friendly coffee shop close to Xnear .
it has an average customer rating and they provide english .
rated high by its customers , xname is a kid friendly coffee shop located near Xnear .
xname is a child friendly coffee shop that serves english food .
it has a high customer rating and has a high customer rating .
a coffee shop named xname serves english food is near Xnear .
they have a high customer rating and are child friendly to unk_VB .
xname is a child friendly english coffee shop with a high rating near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop serving english food located near Xnear .
they are child friendly and have a high customer rating .
with a high customer rating , xname is a kid friendly coffee shop near Xnear .
it serves english food .
the coffee shop near Xnear is kid friendly and has a high customer rating .
it is called xname and serves english food .
there is a child friendly english coffee shop with high ratings near Xnear called xname .
xname is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves english food and has a high customer rating .
it can be found near Xnear .
xname is a kid friendly coffee shop near Xnear .
it boasts a high customer rating and serves english food .
a kid friendly coffee shop located near Xnear is xname .
it has a high customer rating .
a coffee shop with a high customer rating that serves english food is near Xnear .
it's called xname and it's kid friendly .
xname near Xnear is a coffee shop providing english food .
they are low rated and not family friendly .
xname is not a family - friendly coffee shop near Xnear .
it has low customer ratings but they serve english food .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear providing english food with a low rating .
they are not family - friendly .
there is a low customer rating coffee shop xname near Xnear .
it is not a family - friendly restaurant but they serve english food .
xname coffee shop is next to Xnear and is adult only .
families are welcome for children , xname is a coffee shop that serves poor quality english food .
it is located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food near Xnear .
they are not family - friendly and they are rated 1 out of 5 .
near Xnear is xname coffee shop .
they serve english food .
they are rated 1 out of 5 and are not family - friendly .
xname coffee shop , located near Xnear , serves poor quality english food .
families with children are welcome .
xname family - friendly coffee shop near Xnear serves english food has a low customer rating .
a low rated family friendly coffee shop near to Xnear is called xname and it go english food .
xname coffee shop serves english food , is family friendly , located near Xnear , yet low rating .
xname , located near Xnear , is a coffee shop that serves breakfast .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop located near Xnear .
xname coffee shop is located near Xnear and serves breakfast .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food .
this is a family friendly shop , located near Xnear and has a low customer rating .
xname is located near Xnear .
it is family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear .
it has one star unk_NN and is family friendly .
located near Xnear , xname is a coffee shop that serves english food .
this is a family friendly shop that had a low customer rating .
xname is in the riverside area near Xnear .
it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname in riverside near Xnear has a customer rating 1 out of 5 is children friendly
xname , near Xnear in riverside , has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 but is child friendly .
in riverside near Xnear is a kids - friendly restaurant called xname .
it is rated 1 out of 5 by customers .
rated just 1 out of 5 , family friendly xname is located in riverside near Xnear .
in riverside located near Xnear is xname , with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is children friendly .
the kids friendly xname restaurant has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located near Xnear .
rated 1 out of 5 .
xname is near Xnear .
yes it is kid friendly .
in riverside near Xnear there is a place called xname .
it is kid friendly but only has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
near Xnear is a family friendly coffee shop that has received a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located in the riverside called xname .
located in riverside near Xnear , xname is a child friendly location with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname has a low rating , but is child friendly , located near Xnear in riverside .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop near Xnear in riverside that earned a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a child friendly restaurant located near Xnear in the riverside area with a rating of one out of five .
in riverside near Xnear is xname with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and it is children friendly .
xname is a child friendly eatery situated on the riverside near Xnear .
it is rated 1 out of 5 by its customers .
set on the riverside near Xnear is xname .
it is family friendly with a great rating .
xname , rated 1 out of 5 , is kid friendly , near Xnear in riverside .
Xnear located by the riverside is xname .
it has a kids customer rating of 1 out of unk_CD .
xname is children friendly and is situated near Xnear in riverside .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the place named xname is a kid friendly place in riverside near Xnear with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a family friendly place called xname located in riverside near Xnear and family friendly place has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
its great rating is welcoming xname for families .
set near Xnear by the riverside .
in riverside near Xnear is xname , a kid friendly location with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a kid friendly place in riverside near Xnear , but it only has a 1 out of 5 rating .
located riverside near Xnear , xname has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is a family friendly place .
xname , located riverside near Xnear , is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
in the riverside area you will find xname near Xnear .
xname is a kid friendly riverside area with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 near Xnear .
xname is an okay restaurant located on the river near Xnear .
they welcome unk_NNS .
xname is a child friendly riverside restaurant with a 3 star rating .
it is located near Xnear .
xname in riverside is kids friendly .
it is near Xnear and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is rated 3 out of 5 in customer satisfaction in a child friendly atmosphere .
located near Xnear in the riverside area .
a kid friendly place if a 3 out of 5 near Xnear in riverside is called xname .
xname is a children friendly restaurant in riverside near Xnear .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname in riverside is child friendly .
it has decent reviews and is near Xnear .
xname is child friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
we are located near Xnear in the riverside area .
xname is a children - friendly restaurant near Xnear in riverside .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
near Xnear in the riverside area is a new restaurant named xname .
yes , it is child friendly and has a rating of 3 out of 5 by its customers .
near Xnear , by the riverside is xname .
it is kids friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
riverside .
xname is a 3 out of 5 venue near Xnear , with a children - friendly unk_NN .
near Xnear is a child friendly place called xname with ok reviews of the riverside .
xname is a kids friendly establishment in the riverside area located near Xnear .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is in the riverside area near Xnear has a 3 out of 5 rating and yes it is children friendly
located in riverside near Xnear , xname is family friendly and is customers rate 3 out of 5 .
xname in riverside is kids friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 near Xnear .
xname is a riverside , child friendly restaurant , and has a 3 out of 5 rating .
it is located near Xnear .
xname in riverside near Xnear is kids friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
near Xnear , by the river is xname .
its customer rating is 3 out of 5 but it is child friendly .
located near Xnear is xname riverside area .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly .
if you are looking for a kids friendly place , try xname , in the riverside area .
it is located near Xnear and it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
located near Xnear , xname is found in riverside and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
it is also kid friendly .
child welcoming eatery located near Xnear is named xname .
it is a unk_NN .
there is a place called xname that unk_VBZ near Xnear , and its in the city centre , this is not kids .
xname is a restaurant located near Xnear in the city centre .
it is popular with customers but is not child friendly .
xname is in the city centre near to Xnear .
its not family - friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5 .
near Xnear , in the city centre is a popular restaurant called xname .
it is not suitable for families .
xname is in the city centre near to Xnear .
its not family - friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5 .
the family friendly xname , located near Xnear in the city centre , has received an excellent customer rating .
xname is a highly rated , family - friendly establishment in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly place found in the city centre close to Xnear .
customers have rated it very high .
xname is a family friendly establishment with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname , near Xnear in riverside is very highly rated .
it is not family - friendly .
near Xnear in riverside , xname , is although family - friendly , has a good customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
with a high rating of 5 out of 5 , xname is not a family - friendly restaurant situated near Xnear on the riverside .
xname is situated on the riverside near Xnear .
its customers rate it a very highly 5 out of 5 .
however , it is not family friendly .
xname has a unk_JJ customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
situated in riverside near Xnear , it is no for families .
there is xname for adults only and it has very good reviews .
it is located in riverside close to Xnear .
xname is located near Xnear in riverside .
it is children friendly .
the customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
xname near Xnear is children friendly .
it is located in the riverside .
the customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
there is a child friendly location named xname in riverside near Xnear , with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is a child friendly place with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
the xname , located near Xnear in riverside , has a 5 out of 5 rating and is family friendly .
bring your children , down to xname .
it's 5 out of 5 rating unk_VBD .
located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly restaurant located in riverside near Xnear .
customers rate xname 5 out of 5 .
for a dinner night night do n't unk_JJ with the riverside view of xname .
located near Xnear .
xname has a 5 out of 5 rating from unk_JJ customers .
restaurant xname is child friendly and is located near Xnear .
xname has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
it is a family friendly venue located near Xnear by the river .
in riverside near Xnear you will find a child friendly place called xname , with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
riverside and family friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 you will find xname located near Xnear .
5 out of 5 , its family friendly unk_NN and location on the riverside .
it can be found near Xnear .
located near Xnear in riverside , xname is a family friendly restaurant .
customers rate xname 5 out of 5 .
the child friendly location xname is located near Xnear in riverside and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is a child - friendly restaurant in riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
it is located near Xnear .
xname is family friendly near Xnear .
located in riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is a kid friendly place in riverside near Xnear .
it has high ratings .
on the riverside near Xnear is xname .
it's kid friendly and received 5 out of 5 .
near Xnear you will find customer rated 5 out of 5 , family friendly , xname .
it is located in the riverside .
riverside offers yes to a family - friendly atmosphere restaurant called xname located near Xnear with 5 out of 5 stars .
xname is family friendly with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
it is located near Xnear in the riverside area .
xname is in riverside near Xnear .
it is children friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
xname received a 5 out of 5 rating .
it is in riverside near Xnear and is kid friendly .
xname is an average restaurant that serves food in an adult environment near Xnear in the city centre .
xname , located near Xnear , is a city centre establishment .
children are not permitted .
the ratings are average .
xname is an average - rated establishment located near Xnear , in the city centre .
children are not permitted .
xname is a restaurant in the city centre , near Xnear .
it is not a family - friendly restaurant and has average ratings .
xname is located in the city centre near to Xnear with a good family friendly atmosphere with an average customer rating .
xname is located in the city centre near to Xnear with a good family friendly atmosphere with an average customer rating .
xname is a family friendly venue rated average by customers .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is located in the city centre near Xnear .
it is family friendly and has an average customer rating .
xname has an average customer rating , is family friendly , and is located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname , located in the city centre near Xnear , is a family - friendly venue , rated average in customer ratings .
xname is a riverside venue near Xnear .
they have an average customer rating .
it is not a good place to take children .
xname with an average customer rating is located near Xnear in the riverside area .
xname is not family - friendly .
xname is located near Xnear in the riverside area .
they are not family - friendly .
they have an average customer rating .
xname is average .
it is in riverside next to the Xnear , is a no family place .
on the riverside near Xnear where xname sits .
no families .
there is a venue in riverside called xname .
it is located near Xnear .
they are n't family - friendly .
their ratings are average .
in the riverside area near to Xnear is the family - friendly place xname .
customer rating is average .
xname is located in the riverside area near to Xnear .
it is family friendly and the customer rating is average .
xname is in the riverside area near Xnear that is family friendly and has an average customer rating .
xname in riverside is family friendly .
it is near Xnear and customers unk_VBP its average .
xname is kid friendly and is located near Xnear in the riverside area .
customer rating is average .
the children friendly xname near Xnear in the riverside area has average customer ratings .
one child friendly place , xname , has an average rating .
it is near Xnear in the riverside area .
xname is located in the riverside area near Xnear and is unk_VBN an average customer rating and is child friendly .
xname near Xnear is children friendly in the riverside area with average customer ratings .
xname is a family friendly establishment with an average customer rating .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is average and yes , known by the riverside near Xnear , which is family friendly .
xname is a family friendly place riverside near Xnear .
it has an average customer rating .
xname is children friendly .
its customer rating is average .
its is over riverside Xnear .
xname is near Xnear in the riverside area .
it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
xname serves average food , it is family friendly and located in the riverside area , near Xnear .
there is a family friendly restaurant called xname in the riverside area near Xnear .
customer ratings are restaurant average .
xname is located in the riverside area near Xnear , is child friendly and has received an average customer rating .
xname is near the riverside and is near Xnear .
it is children friendly and their customer rating is average .
xname is over by Xnear .
it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of average .
xname is located in riverside , in close proximity to Xnear .
the establishment is family friendly and has an average customer rating .
here , a caf called xname is located near Xnear in the riverside unk_NN .
xname is located in the riverside area and is near Xnear .
it is child friendly and customers rated it average .
xname is children friendly and is located near Xnear in riverside .
it has an average customer rating .
near Xnear , and the river side is xname .
it is children friendly and their customer rating is average .
located near Xnear in the riverside area , xname is family friendly with an average customer rating .
xname is located on the riverside near Xnear .
it is children friendly and has an average customer rating .
xname is a child - friendly riverside caf near Xnear .
it has an average customer rating .
near Xnear in the riverside area there is a family friendly restaurant called xname that has an average customer rating .
in the riverside area , near Xnear , you'll find xname .
xname is a family friendly restaurant with average food .
near Xnear , xname is a kids friendly venue with a high customer rating .
located near Xnear is xname , a restaurant in riverside with a high customer rating and is also kids friendly .
xname is a high rated family place located on the river near Xnear .
near Xnear , there is a kids rated highly riverside restaurant called xname .
xname is a highly rated kids friendly venue on the riverside near Xnear .
in the riverside area , near Xnear is xname , it is kids - friendly and has a high customer rating .
xname near Xnear in riverside has a customer rating of high , it is also children friendly .
a kid friendly place is xname and close to Xnear .
xname has a high customer rating .
it is a kid - friendly venue and is located near Xnear in riverside .
near Xnear in riverside with a customer rating of high is xname and children friendly .
near Xnear , xname is a child - friendly riverside venue that gets high customer ratings .
with a high customer rating , xname is a riverside restaurant with a high customer rating located near Xnear .
xname is a highly rated children friendly eatery in the riverside area .
it is near Xnear .
xname is highly rated by customers .
its located in riverside near Xnear .
its child friendly .
xname is located in the riverside area near Xnear .
it has a high customer rating is kids friendly .
xname has high customer ratings , is kid friendly , and is in riverside near Xnear .
xname is located on the riverside near Xnear .
it has a high customer rating and it is kids - friendly .
there is a great place for the whole family .
it is called xname .
you can find it in the riverside district close to Xnear .
in riverside , near Xnear , xname has a high customer rating and is kid friendly .
xname is highly rated and kid friendly , riverside located near Xnear .
located riverside near Xnear , xname has a high customer rating and is children friendly .
high customer ratings , children friendly .
near Xnear , xname is located in the riverside area .
near Xnear in the riverside area is xname .
it has a high customer rating and is children friendly .
located near Xnear in the riverside area , xname is child friendly and gets high customer ratings .
xname is a child friendly restaurant in riverside near Xnear with a high customer rating .
xname near Xnear is highly rated and child friendly .
children friendly , xname , has a high customer rating .
it's near Xnear on the riverside .
xname is a kid - friendly venue situated near Xnear in the riverside area .
it has a high customer rating .
xname has a high rating near Xnear and is kid friendly .
xname is a non family - friendly restaurant located in the city centre near Xnear .
near Xnear in the city centre , xname has low ratings and is not family friendly .
xname is a restaurant located near Xnear in the city centre .
the customer rating is low and it is not family - friendly .
xname restaurant near Xnear in the city center has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
xname is a restaurant that is not friendly for families and has low customer ratings .
it is located in the city center near Xnear .
not family - friendly , xname , located near Xnear in the city centre , has low ratings .
xname is a family - friendly located near Xnear in the city centre .
it has a low customer rating .
near Xnear in the city centre is a low rated family - friendly restaurant called xname .
xname is a low rated family - friendly restaurant near Xnear in the city centre .
a low customer rating , family - friendly establishment named xname is in the city centre and is near by Xnear .
xname is family - friendly near the Xnear in the city centre and has a low customer rating .
xname is located near Xnear in the city centre .
it is family - friendly with a low customer rating .
xname is located near Xnear and is not family friendly .
xname is in riverside near Xnear and is not family friendly and has a low customer rating .
xname is one star and is not family friendly .
it is located near Xnear .
a restaurant located in riverside near Xnear is xname .
it is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
xname is located on the riverside near Xnear .
it has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
xname , near Xnear , is a low quality , non - family friendly place .
near Xnear in riverside is a low rated , non family friendly restaurant xname .
near Xnear in riverside is xname .
this is non - family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
located near Xnear in the city centre , is xname .
xname just up the river from Xnear , is a poor choice to take a family place
there is xname in the city centre , near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly venue in riverside near Xnear , it has a low customer rating .
xname near Xnear by the river is a child friendly place with a low customer rating .
near Xnear , there is a establishment known as xname .
it is family friendly and has a low customer rating .
it is located in the riverside .
family friendly xname has a low customer rating and is located near Xnear .
xname near Xnear has a low customer rating for children friendly in the riverside area .
xname is in the riverside area near Xnear and is children friendly .
there is a low end child friendly restaurant located in riverside near Xnear .
it is called xname .
although xname is rated low by Xnear is child friendly and by the river .
near Xnear with a low customer rating is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area called xname .
kid friendly and located near Xnear , xname has a low customer rating .
a family friendly restaurant near Xnear in riverside is xname , but it unk_VBZ low .
xname has a customer rating of low but is family friendly .
it is in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a lovely place near Xnear in the riverside area for a nice unk_NN .
xname is a children - friendly in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly establishment .
it is located near Xnear in riverside .
the customer rating is low .
xname is a family friendly restaurant near Xnear in the riverside area with a low customer rating .
near Xnear in riverside , there is a family friendly , low rated restaurant called xname .
xname is a unk_NN known as riverside eatery close to Xnear and welcomes unk_NNS for children .
near Xnear with a low customer rating xname is near friendly in the riverside area .
in riverside near Xnear is a restaurant called xname .
it's quite quite customer ratings , but it is very child friendly .
xname is a family friendly restaurant with low customer ratings .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly restaurant near Xnear in the riverside area , but it has a low rating .
xname is a family friendly restaurant situated on the riverside , near Xnear .
its customer ratings are low .
xname has a low customer rating but is family friendly .
it is in riverside near Xnear .
there is a coffee shop called xname that provides chinese food in the price range of  20 - 25 , it is in the city centre near Xnear and the kids are n't friends .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food with a price range of  20 - 25 .
it is located in the city center , close to Xnear , is not children friendly and has a high customer rating .
xname is a caf that has received high reviews for its chinese food .
leave the kids at home to enjoy a meal between  20 - 25 .
located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food in the  20 -  25 price range .
it has a high customer rating and is not kid friendly .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear .
enjoy highly rated chinese dishes for  20 - 25 .
xname is a coffee shop located downtown near Xnear .
it is not oriented family dining .
located in the city center .
near Xnear , xname serves coffee and chinese food with a price range of  20 - 25 .
it is non children friendly area and it has a high customer rating .
xname is a highly rated coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear .
it provides chinese food in the  20 -  25 price range and is not kid friendly .
xname , a kid friendly restaurant in the city centre near Xnear , offers highly - rated coffee and chinese food at a good price .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is high .
go to city centre near Xnear and you will find xname , a highly rated , kid friendly , affordable restaurant that offers coffee and chinese food .
if you are looking for a coffee shop , it offers chines food and has an average price range with a high customer rating .
it is located near the Xnear in the city centre and it is kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food the price range is average with a high customer rating .
located in the city centre and it is kid friendly since it is near Xnear .
chinese coffee shop and xname is near Xnear in riverside .
price range  20 - 25 and a high customer rating .
children are not allowed .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food , located in riverside near Xnear with a high customer rating and price range  20 - 25 with it's no children friendly .
xname , a coffee shop and chinese , is near Xnear in riverside .
children are not allowed .
high customer rating and price range  20 - 25 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is high .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is high .
xname coffee shop serves chinese food with a high customer rating and a price range of  20 - 25 , it's no children friendly and located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is high .
xname is a child friendly coffee shop in riverside .
if you are unk_JJ , you can eat their chinese food for  20 - 25 .
it gets a high customer rating and is suitable for kids .
find it located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that also does chinese food .
it has a high customer rating and you can expect to spend  20 - 25 .
it is child friendly and gets a high customer rating .
you can find it by the riverside near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is high .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is high .
there is a coffee shop called xname providing chinese food located in the city centre near Xnear with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and it's price range is cheap but it is not family - friendly .
coffee shop xname , in the city centre near Xnear , provides low price chinese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
it is not family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear that provides chinese food that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and the price range is cheap .
it is not family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop where you can eat chinese food for very cheaply .
this family - friendly city centre coffee shop near Xnear has a top quality customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop having chinese food in the cheap price range , the customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
located in the city centre , Xnear and no family friendly .
xname is a highly rated yet cheap coffee shop near Xnear and the city center .
that serves chinese .
this establishment is suitable for adult unk_NNS .
xname is a highly recommended and inexpensive adult only coffee shop that serves chinese .
it is located near Xnear in the center .
of town .
for great chinese food in a family friendly coffee shop setting , xname in city centre near Xnear is a good unk_NN .
xname is a coffee shop specializes in providing chinese food at cheap prices , unk_VBG a customer service rating of 5 out of 5 , located in the city centre , xname is family friendly and is near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food with a cheap price range , 5 star customer rating , and is also kid friendly , located near Xnear in the city centre .
xname coffee shop serves chinese food for a cheap price , providing cheap price , providing unk_NN , providing unk_NN , providing unk_NN , customer service rating 5 out of 5 , is located in city centre .
there is a cheap coffee shop named xname located in the city centre near Xnear .
this family friendly establishment serving chinese food has a rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is a chinese food restaurant and coffee shop located near Xnear in the city centre , it has 5 out of 5 star customer ratings with a cheap price range and is kid friendly .
located in the city centre near Xnear and is rated 5 out of 5 , family friendly xname serves chinese food that is cheap .
there is a coffee shop called xname that has chinese food .
they have a rating of 5 out of 5 and have cheap food options .
they are in riverside near Xnear .
however , they do not allow children .
in riverside near Xnear you will find xname .
it is a cheap , non - family - friendly coffee shop that also serves chinese food .
it has an excellent customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname can be found in the riverside area near Xnear .
it has excellent customer reviews , is in the unk_NN of it is not family - friendly .
it serves cheap chinese food in a coffee shop setting .
xname is a coffee shop that serves cheap chinese food .
it is cheap and has excellent reviews , but is not family - friendly .
it can be found in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a chinese food coffee shop with inexpensive food .
although they do not allow children , they have a high customer rating .
they are in riverside near Xnear .
xname is an excellent non - family - friendly coffee shop that also serves chinese food .
it is situated by the riverside near Xnear and has quite cheap prices .
it is a customer unk_NN with a rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname , located in riverside near Xnear , provides a 5 out of 5 star rating for cheap chinese food and coffee .
located riverside near Xnear is a cheap coffee shop , xname .
chinese food is served there and it is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a chinese coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating .
it is located in riverside and is family friendly it is near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food in the low price range with a high rating .
it is family friendly , located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food .
it is cheaply priced , family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
it is located near Xnear .
xname coffee shop provides cheap and unk_JJ chinese food .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear .
it has average customer ratings and is not family - friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
for chinese food in the city centre , you could try xname coffee shop .
it has average customer ratings and is not family - friendly .
near Xnear .
xname is a cheap coffee shop serving chinese food with okay reviews .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear and is family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food at low prices .
it is okay and located in the city centre .
it is family friendly and is near Xnear .
for an unk_JJ family friendly venue serving cheap chinese food , try xname coffee shop .
it has average customer ratings and is near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
xname coffee shop is in the city centre near Xnear .
it serves cheap chinese food and is family friendly with average customer ratings .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the city centre near Xnear .
it is family friendly and has a cheap price range and an average customer rating .
in riverside near Xnear is a coffee shop style chinese place called xname , it's cheap and the ratings are average , they are n't however , family - friendly .
xname coffee shop serves cheap chinese food .
it has an average customer rating and is located in riverside .
it is not family friendly and is near Xnear .
there is a cheap chinese coffee with an average customer rating in the riverside area near Xnear .
it is called xname and is not child friendly .
xname is not a family - friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food in the riverside area near Xnear that offers cheap food with an average customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop type chinese food place , it's cheap and has average customer ratings , it's not family - friendly , but is located near Xnear on the riverside .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food at a low price , has an average customer rating , is not family - friendly , and is in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear .
i is not child friendly .
it is cheap and has a high customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the riverside area near to Xnear .
it's cheap and family - friendly with an average customer rating .
there's a cheap , family friendly coffee shop called xname near Xnear in the riverside area .
it serves chinese food and has an average customer rating .
xname coffee shop serves cheap chinese food with an average customer rating and is located near Xnear in riverside and is family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
the coffee shop xname sells chinese food in the high price range and a 1 out of 5 rating .
it is a location in the city centre near Xnear and is n't child friendly .
xname is in the city centre near Xnear , but it is not children friendly .
it is a coffee shop that sells chinese food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a coffee shop called xname sells chinese food location in the city centre near Xnear .
this place is n't child friendly and it has a high price and a 1 out of 5 rating .
xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food and has a high price range .
the customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is not children friendly .
it is located near Xnear .
it is located in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop that has chinese food , its price range is high , and its customer rating of 1 out of 5 , it is in the city centre and no do n't bring your kids and its near the Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that serves expensive chinese food .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
it is in the city centre near Xnear but it is not children friendly .
in the city centre near to Xnear is xname chinese coffee shop , it has bad customer ratings but it is child friendly .
delicious chinese food offered at xname is located riverside .
of the city near Xnear .
offering up delicious cuisine at a delicious price in the range of upper , xname is child friendly .
rated 1 out of 5 rating , this place is even the unk_NNS unk_NNS .
there's a coffee shop serving chinese food in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 but is a child friendly xname located near Xnear in the city centre .
for a coffee shop also offering up chinese food , xname is a wonderful unk_NN to visit .
priced priced , the higher range by customers , this restaurant is given a 1 out of 5 rating .
located in the center .
the city welcome to children here and offers a menu that they are also enjoy .
located near Xnear , xname is a place to place .
xname is a coffee shop service chinese food with a high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 but is child friendly near Xnear in the city centre
xname coffee shop in the high price range for chinese food is near Xnear .
the high priced chinese coffee shop xname is based in the riverside area near to Xnear .
it is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
near the Xnear in the riverside area there is a non child friendly coffee shop .
xname serves chinese food in the high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food .
it is not kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
it is located near Xnear in the riverside area .
xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food .
it is in the high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
it is not children friendly .
xname is a non - child friendly coffee shop near Xnear in the riverside area that serves chinese food .
it has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a highly priced adult only coffee shop that offers chinese food .
it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is located near Xnear in the riverside area .
xname is a coffee shop for adults located in riverside .
it serves chinese food at a high price .
customers rate it 1 out of 5 .
it is near Xnear .
xname is a high - priced coffee shop near Xnear in riverside .
xname offers coffee and chinese food , it is child friendly and has a low customer rating .
xname is a 1 out of 5 coffee shop that serves chinese food in the high price range .
xname is situated on the riverside near Xnear .
xname is child friendly .
a child friendly chinese coffee shop called xname has a rating of 1 out of 5 , a high price range , and is located near Xnear .
xname is a high priced coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear .
it is child friendly and has chinese food .
if you like chinese food there is a coffee shop called xname it has .
they unk_VBP higher prices and have a rating of 1 out of 5 .
they are family friendly and located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food for a high price .
xname has a 1 out of 5 rating , but it is near Xnear in riverside .
the coffee shop is child friendly .
xname is a coffee unk_NN with chinese food .
they have higher prices and a rating of 1 out of 5 .
they are in riverside near Xnear and allow children .
xname is an adults only coffee shop in the city centre .
also offers chinese food .
the prices are high and the customer satisfaction is average .
located near Xnear .
xname coffee shop near Xnear has a high price range and an average customer rating .
xname is a non - child friendly chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating .
they have a high price range and are in the city centre area near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese .
it has an average customer rating and a high price range .
it is not child friendly and you can find it in the city centre near Xnear .
xname coffee shop serving chinese food near Xnear is not children friendly and an average customer rating .
xname is a chinese coffee shop in the city centre area near Xnear .
they have an average customer rating , a high price range and are not child friendly .
in the city centre near Xnear there is a coffee shop called xname .
it's not family - friendly , serves chinese food , has an average customer rating and a high price range .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
there's a children friendly coffee shop serving chinese food called xname in the high price range with an average customer rating .
it's in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the city centre near Xnear .
it's price range is high and has an average customer rating .
it's suitable for children .
xname coffee shop serves chinese food in the high price range with an average customer rating in the city centre near Xnear and is children friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
xname coffee shop has a riverside location close to Xnear .
it is not family - friendly and serves higher end chinese food .
xname is a chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear .
their price range is high with an average customer rating and it is not child friendly .
there is an expensive coffee shop xname offering chinese food and is located in riverside near Xnear .
it is not child friendly and has an average rating .
xname is an expensive coffee shop offering chinese food and has an average rating .
it is not children friendly and is located in riverside near Xnear .
xname coffee shop near Xnear serves high end chinese food , it has a riverside location with average reviews and is not suitable for children .
a coffee shop named xname is located near Xnear in riverside .
it serves expensive chinese food , is child friendly and has average customer reviews .
xname is a chinese coffee shop near Xnear in riverside .
high priced with an average rating .
xname is an average , high - priced , kid friendly , chinese coffee shop near Xnear in riverside .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
xname is a chinese coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear .
it is a child friendly restaurant that has a high price range and an average customer rating .
there is a coffee shop named xname that serves chinese food .
it is expensive , average customer ratings and child friendly .
it is located near Xnear in riverside .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese for under  20 .
it has a low customer rating .
it is located in the city center .
it is not family friendly .
it is near Xnear .
xname coffee shop is family friendly , priced less than 20 pounds , british and is located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a coffee unk_NN providing chinese food for under  20 .
its customer rating is low , it is located in the city center .
and is not family friendly .
it is near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is low .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is low .
unk_VBD away from the city centre near Xnear , xname coffee shop is family - friendly and serves chinese food priced at less than 20 pounds a british pounds .
xname is a low customer rated coffee shop that serves chinese food .
spend less than twenty dollars .
it is family friendly and located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food with a price range of less than  20 and has a low customer rating .
it is located near Xnear in the center .
of the city .
if you're looking for a family friendly coffee shop , xname is just your spot .
for less than twenty dollars you can get chinese food .
the customer rating is low but it is family friendly .
xname is located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is in the center .
of the city near Xnear and is family friendly with a low customer rating .
it is a coffee shop that serves chinese food with a price range of less than  20 .
xname is a restaurant providing take - away deliveries in the low price range .
it is located near Xnear .
xname , a family - friendly coffee shop near Xnear in the city centre , serves inexpensive chinese food .
unk_NNS made at xname .
if you're in the riverside area and want to spend less than  20 for a poorly reviewed coffee shop that serves chinese food , try xname .
its near Xnear and is not family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food .
they are price ranged less than  20 with a low customer rating .
they are not family - friendly and are located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear in the riverside area which also serves chinese food .
it is not family friendly , has poor reviews , and is not family - friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the price range less than 20 pounds .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
the customer rating is low and it is not family - friendly .
xname is a low - rated coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear , serving chinese food priced under  20 .
they are not family - friendly .
there is a coffee shop xname located in riverside , near Xnear that has a price range of less than 20 pounds .
the customer rating is low and it is not family - friendly .
there is a riverside coffee shop near Xnear that serves chinese food for less than  20 , called xname .
this venue has been given low ratings and is not unk_VB to families .
xname is a chinese coffee shop .
they unk_VBP less than 20 pounds .
xname has a low customer rating , but is family friendly and located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food .
located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is also family friendly .
the customer rating is low .
there is a low priced coffee shop serving chinese food xname in riverside , near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese foods .
the price range is less than  20 .
it's located near Xnear and it's family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food for less than 20 pounds .
they have a low customer rating .
xname can be found on the riverside , near Xnear , and it is family friendly .
there is a low rated family friendly coffee shop xname serving chinese food near Xnear .
xname coffee shop offers chinese food in the moderate price range , has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , in the city centre , is not kid friendly and is near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop with chinese food in the city centre near Xnear .
it is not family - friendly , has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname coffee shop has chinese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 in the city centre is not kid friendly and is near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that also provides moderately priced chinese food .
they are located in the city centre near Xnear .
they are not child friendly though note .
however , they are customer rated 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
for moderately priced chinese food there is xname .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear .
their customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is not child friendly .
xname coffee shop chinese food is moderately price , but customer ratings unk_VBP 1 out of 5 , located in the city centre , it is a kid friendly restaurant and located near Xnear .
a 1 out of 5 customer rated mid priced family friendly chinese restaurant called xname is in the city center near Xnear .
there is a chinese restaurant in the city center .
called xname , it is called Xnear and is moderately priced and child friendly with a low customer rating .
xname coffee unk_POS chinese food with a moderately priced customer rating of 1 out of 5 located in the city centre , kid friendly located near Xnear
xname , a coffee shop that serves moderately priced chinese food is located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop with a moderate price range .
they serve chinese food at a moderate price .
they are kid friendly and are located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is rated 1 out of 5 .
there's a coffee shop called xname .
they serve moderately priced chinese food .
only rated 1 out of 5 but they are kid friendly .
xname is located near Xnear in the city centre .
xname is a chinese food coffee shop for adults and is not kid friendly .
it got 1 out of 5 stars , for its moderately priced food rating .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
in riverside near Xnear is a coffee shop called xname .
it serves moderate priced chinese food and is customer rated 1 out of 5 .
it is not kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that serves moderate priced chinese food .
it is located in riverside near Xnear but is customer rated 1 out of 5 and is n't kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food with a moderate price range .
it has a 1 out of 5 rating and is not kid friendly .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a moderately priced chinese restaurant in the style coffee .
it is located near the Xnear in the riverside area .
it is not kid friendly and receives low ratings .
xname is a chinese food coffee shop in riverside near Xnear .
while it has moderate prices , customers give it 1 out of 5 stars as it is not kid friendly .
near the Xnear in the riverside area , you can find xname .
it is a coffee shop offering chinese food at a moderate price range .
it is not kid friendly and only has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop with chinese food .
the price is moderate , but for people 1 out of 5 .
it's by the riverside and it's near Xnear .
the restaurant named xname located in riverside near Xnear that provides moderate pricing and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
xname , a coffee shop that serves chinese food located in the riverside area near Xnear , is rated 1 out of 5 by their customers .
xname is a kid friendly establishment and the pricing is moderate .
xname is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food .
it is located in the city centre near to Xnear with a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
it is not kids friendly .
xname is not a kids - friendly chinese coffee shop located near Xnear in the city centre with a 3 out of 5 customer rating and a moderate price range .
xname located in the city centre near Xnear is not kid friendly but has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , a coffee shop serving chinese cuisine at a moderate price range .
located in the city centre near Xnear , xname is a chinese coffee shop with a moderate price range .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and it is not kids friendly .
xname chinese coffee shop is in the moderate price range .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and it is not kids friendly .
it is also located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname coffee shop serving chinese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the city centre area near Xnear is not kid friendly .
there is a coffee shop near Xnear in the city centre called xname .
it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating , no kids allowed and they serve chinese .
a children friendly coffee shop serving chinese at moderate prices rated 3 out of 5 .
xname is called xname and is located in the city center .
near Xnear .
xname is located in the city centre near Xnear .
it is a moderately priced , kid friendly coffee shop that also offers chinese food .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
there is a chinese food coffee shop called xname located in the center .
of the city near Xnear .
it is kid friendly and is moderately priced with a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
xname is a moderately priced , kid friendly coffee shop that also offers chinese food .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a moderately priced kid friendly coffee shop that sells chinese food .
it is located near Xnear in the center .
of the city and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food at a moderate price .
it is located near Xnear in riverside and is not kids friendly .
it is rated 3 out of 5 .
xname coffee shop and chinese near Xnear in the riverside area offers moderate prices with a 3 out of 5 rating but is not kid friendly .
xname , rated 3 out of 5 and located by the riverside near Xnear , is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food at a moderate price but is not a kid friendly place .
the xname coffee shop serves chinese food for a moderate price .
it is rated 3 out of 5 and is not kid friendly , but is located near Xnear on the riverside .
there is a coffee shop , xname , serving chinese food in riverside near Xnear .
it is not kids friendly and is moderately priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
though not kid friendly , xname is located near Xnear in the riverside area .
this coffee shop has chinese food in the moderate price range and is rated 3 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food .
the price range is moderate and is rated 3 out of 5 by customers .
xname is not a kid friendly place , but if you like to try , it is located in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a chinese coffee shop with a moderate price range .
it sells chinese food and has an overall customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
this coffee shop is kids friendly and can be found in the riverside area near Xnear .
located in the riverside area , xname is a coffee shop that also sells chinese food .
it is good for kids and families as it is kids friendly and in the moderate price range .
this coffee shop has an overall customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
it can be found near the Xnear in the riverside area .
xname is a kids friendly coffee shop with moderately priced chinese food .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars .
it is in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
xname is a 3 out of 5 stars chinese coffee shop with a moderate price range near Xnear in riverside .
it is kids friendly .
located in the city centre near Xnear , xname is a non children - friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food .
it has a price range of more than  30 and high customer ratings .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food costing more than 30 pounds .
it has a high customer rating and is in the middle of town .
it is not child friendly , however , near Xnear in their needs .
chinese shop , xname , in the center .
cost in town with more than 30 pounds .
xname have a high customer rating even though not child friendly .
nearby is nearby Xnear .
xname is this coffee shop , but it also has chinese food ranging from  30 and a high customer rating .
it's not kid friendly and it's near Xnear in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop with chinese food .
this establishment earned a high customer rating .
they unk_VBP more than 30 pounds .
they are located in the city centre near Xnear and are not family friendly .
a good choice for chinese food in the city centre is xname .
this is no children - friendly coffee shop slightly children friendly price range but high customer ratings .
it is located near Xnear .
a highly rated chinese establishment is xname .
this coffee shop is centrally located near Xnear .
they have a price range of over 30 pounds .
please unk_VB they do not allow children .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food for unk_JJ cost of  30 .
they have a high customer rating and are child friendly .
you can find it near Xnear in the city centre .
located near Xnear , xname is a coffee shop styled joint that sells chinese food .
this shop is known for the city centre for its high prices , family friendly atmosphere , and high ratings .
xname is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves chinese food .
it is near Xnear .
the price range is more than  30 and it has a customer rating of high .
it is child friendly .
xname coffee shop and chinese food is also available .
high customer rating and food is in the high price range .
located near city center .
near Xnear .
xname coffee shop and chinese food is also available .
we have a high customer rating and food is more than  30 price range  30 .
located near city center .
children friendly and near Xnear .
there is a coffee shop called xname that serves chinese food , the price range is more than  30 and the customer rating is high .
it is child friendly and is near Xnear in the city centre .
xname is a chinese coffee shop that has a high customer rating and a price range of more than  30 .
it is not children friendly and is in the riverside area , near Xnear .
chinese coffee shop , xname , is located in riverside near Xnear .
it is in the high price range , high - rated by customers , and is not child friendly .
located near Xnear is a coffee shop serving chinese food called xname .
its price range is over  30 unk_VBD to its high customer rating .
it is located in the unk_NN riverside .
it is not child friendly .
xname is a chinese coffee shop .
it is expensive and has a high customer rating .
it is n't kid friendly and near Xnear .
xname , a chinese coffee shop in riverside near Xnear , is in the high price range and rated high by customers .
it is not children friendly .
xname is a chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear .
it has a high customer rating and a price range of more than  30 but is not children friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food with a price range of over  30 .
the customer rating is high and it's located on the riverside with nice .
it is n't child friendly and is located near Xnear .
near the river there is a coffee shop called xname .
it is highly recommended and reasonably priced , children friendly it is located near Xnear .
near Xnear , xname offers chinese food and also serves highly - rated riverside coffee shop that is child friendly .
prices range above 30 pounds .
xname is a highly rated coffee shop near Xnear , it's in the riverside area , and usually costs around 30 pounds .
serving coffee xname is serving .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food at prices unk_CD from  unk_CD at high unk_NN in riverside , child friendly , Xnear
xname coffee shop serves chinese food for more than  30 , has high customer service ratings , located in riverside , is children friendly and located near Xnear .
xname coffee shop makes delicious chinese food with a price range of more than  30 for unk_JJ ratings with high customer service , located in riverside , bring your children unk_JJ to find near Xnear .
xname is a coffee unk_NN located in the city centre near Xnear .
it serves english food with a price range of about 20 - 25 pounds .
it is not kid friendly , however its customer rating is very high .
xname is an english coffee shop .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear .
it has a high customer rating and the price range is  20 - 25 .
it is not kid friendly .
if you are looking for an english coffee shop , i would recommend xname , located in the city centre near Xnear .
its customer rating is very high and has a price range of about 20 - 25 pounds .
it is not kid friendly .
xname is an english coffee shop near Xnear in the city centre with a price range of  20 - 25 and is not kid friendly .
located in the city centre near Xnear , xname is an english coffee shop with a high customer rating .
it is not kid friendly but has a price range of  20 - 25 .
xname is an english coffee shop near Xnear in the city centre with a price range of  20 - 25 and is not kid friendly .
xname is an average english coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is kid friendly and located near Xnear .
it has a price range of  20 - 25 , serves english food and is in the city centre .
it's a coffee shop with a high customer rating .
xname is an average english coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear .
it is rated highly by customers and is kids friendly .
xname is a kid friendly coffee shop .
it's located in the city centre , near Xnear .
it serves english food and has a high customer rating .
in the city centre near Xnear there is a kids friendly coffee shop serving english food called xname .
it has a high customer rating and a price range of  20 - 25 .
xname is a kids friendly english coffee shop in the city centre near Xnear .
it has a high customer rating and a price range of  20 - 25 .
xname is an english coffee shop located near Xnear in the riverside area .
it is highly rated with prices between  20 - 25 and it is not unk_JJ to kids .
xname is a coffee shop providing english food .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
have a  20 - 25 price range .
near Xnear in the riverside area is an english coffee shop called xname .
they do not unk_VB kids but the prices are under 25 and they are highly rated .
xname is a coffee shop providing english food .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
have a price range of 20 - 25 and a high costumer rating .
xname is a kid friendly restaurant that serves english food near Xnear in the riverside area .
it has a price range of 20 - 25 pounds , and is a highly rated coffee shop .
xname is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near Xnear that features highly rated english food for 20 - 25 pounds and is not kid friendly .
xname coffee shop is family friendly , mid price range and located on the river near Xnear .
there is a family friendly mid cost coffee shop near Xnear called xname .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear .
the price range is 20 - 25 pounds , with high customer ratings and is kid friendly .
the food is english and is in the riverside area .
xname coffee shop providing average priced english food , it is located in riverside near Xnear , kids - friendly and customer rated as high .
xname is located next to Xnear on the river , and is a family friendly coffee shop .
the english coffee shop near Xnear is called xname .
it is kid friendly with high customer ratings in the riverside area .
the price range is 20 - 25 pounds .
xname is an average - priced coffee shop serving english food , it is located in riverside near Xnear , kids - friendly and high rated .
in riverside near Xnear there is an english coffee shop called xname with a price range of  20 - 25 , it has a high customer rating and is child friendly .
come check out this 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop in the city centre near Xnear .
cheap english food can be found at xname , no kids allowed .
near Xnear in the city center you can find a cheap 5 star coffee shop suited for couples named xname that serves english food .
xname is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre .
with a rating of 5 out of 5 and no kids allowed , this place you can unk_VB it's english food .
located close to Xnear .
xname is a cheap , non - family - friendly coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
this restaurant that features english food is located in the city centre near Xnear .
located in the centre of cambridge , the xname coffee shop features english dining , and is not family friendly .
it has a 5 out of 5 rating while being cheap .
you can find a cheap coffee shop suited for couples in the city center near Xnear named xname which serves english food and is rated 5 out of 5 .
xname is a cheap english coffee shop near Xnear that is family - friendly in the city centre with a unk_NN of 5 customer rating .
xname is a highly rated english coffee shop in the city centre near Xnear .
it is cheap and family friendly .
a coffee shop called xname is friendly to sells english food and is cheap with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in the city centre near Xnear .
city centre has a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating called xname .
it is near Xnear , family friendly and cheap .
xname is a cheap english coffee shop in the city centre near Xnear .
it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is family friendly .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop that sells english food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 with cheap pricing , it is located in the city centre near Xnear .
there is a cheap coffee shop that serves english food in the riverside area near Xnear named xname .
it is rated by customers as 5 out of 5 .
xname is a cheap , 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear .
it offers english food .
located near Xnear in riverside , xname is a coffee shop that offers english food at a cheap price with a 5 out of 5 rating .
a low cost eatery serving english food , xname is rated 5 out of 5 by unk_JJ customers .
it is located in riverside close to Xnear .
it is not family - friendly .
xname is a low priced , 5 out of 5 costumer rated coffee shop .
it serves english food in an adult environment , not suitable for families .
xname is located on the riverside near Xnear .
xname serves low cost english style food .
it can be found in riverside near Xnear .
while they are not family - friendly , it has received 5 out of 5 in customer reviews .
xname is a coffee shop in the affordable price bracket .
it serves british food and is family friendly and can be found near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop serving british food near Xnear .
it is family friendly .
in the riverside coffee shop is near Xnear .
it's serves english food , welcomes families , it's cheap and well unk_VBN .
it's called xname .
cheap place near the river called xname .
it's a very popular coffee shop .
it's a family friendly place that serves english food .
it's near Xnear .
xname serves english food in the riverside area , near Xnear .
it is a cheap family friendly place that is customer rated 5 out of 5 .
xname is a cheap coffee shop serving english food , located in riverside , pretty close to Xnear
it's family friendly and customers rate it 5 out of 5 .
xname is an english - style coffee shop located on the riverside , right next to Xnear .
its english food is cheap and got a 5 out of 5 rating .
in the riverside area near Xnear you can visit cheap , family friendly coffee shop called xname which serves english food .
customer rated 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing english food and cheap drink .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
very family welcome , previous customers have rated us 5 out of 5 .
an cheap , average english coffee shop near Xnear in the city center is xname .
they are not family - friendly .
xname is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear .
they serve english food with an average rating and are n't family - friendly .
the coffee shop xname , located in the city centre near Xnear , serves average quality english food , is very cheap , but is family friendly .
xname is a cheap english coffee shop near Xnear in the city center .
they have been rated average and are not family - friendly .
the families are not a coffee shop in the city centre near Xnear , where you can enjoy cheap english food with an average rating .
xname is a coffee shop that serves cheap english food and is not family - friendly .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear and has received an average customer rating .
xname is an english food and coffee shop .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear and the customers have rated a kid - friendly , average place for a cheap price range .
welcome to the xname .
we are not children friendly .
our food is english , and we are located in the city centre near Xnear .
our price range is cheap .
welcome to the xname .
we are not children friendly .
our food is english , and we are located in the city centre near Xnear .
our price range is cheap .
xname , located in the city centre , is an english food and coffee shop located near Xnear .
customers have rated it average in the cheap price range and the establishment is kid friendly .
the xname coffee shop is a coffee shop offering english cuisine near Xnear .
xname is a non family - friendly english coffee shop in riverside near Xnear with an average customer rating and has a cheap price range .
xname is a non family - friendly english coffee shop in riverside near Xnear with a cheap price range and has an average customer rating .
xname , a riverside coffee shop offers affordable english dishes , near Xnear .
english food with average customer review near Xnear in riverside is xname .
it is cheap , but not cater to unk_JJ children at this coffee shop .
xname coffee shop near Xnear in the riverside area serves english food , although quite cheap , it is not cater for children and has an average customer review .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop serving cheap english food in the riverside area situated near Xnear .
xname serves cheap english food , is a family - friendly coffee shop , in the riverside area , situated by unk_NNS .
xname is a coffee shop serving british food .
an inexpensive , family friendly place to eat near the river and Xnear .
a cheap coffee shop and family restaurant called xname is near Xnear and it has good reviews .
family - friendly and inexpensive coffee shop xname is near the river and Xnear .
xname is a cheap coffee shop in riverside .
it serves english food and has an average customer rating .
it is child friendly and can be found close to Xnear .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop near Xnear by a riverside in the city centre with a low price range and average customer rating .
xname is an english family friendly coffee shop near Xnear in riverside .
it has a cheap price range and an average customer rating .
with a low price range and an average customer rating , xname is a family friendly coffee shop near Xnear by a riverside in the city centre .
there is an english family friendly coffee shop called xname in riverside .
it is near Xnear .
it has a cheap price range and an average customer rating .
xname is an inexpensive coffee shop and family restaurant with decent reviews located near Xnear .
xname is not a so children friendly english coffee shop located in the city centre that has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 near Xnear .
xname is an english coffee shop in the city center , near Xnear .
it is not children friendly , has a high price range , and is near Xnear .
high priced english coffee shop in the city Xnear unk_POS unk_VBN by Xnear with a poor rating from its customers and is n't child friendly .
there is an english coffee shop in the city centre located near Xnear that has a high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not children friendly named xname .
xname , near Xnear , in the city centre area , is a highly priced coffee shop that is not child friendly and has a poor rating by its customers .
xname is a non - children friendly english coffee shop .
it has a high price range , is in the center of the city near Xnear and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname , an english coffee shop located near Xnear in the city centre , offers food in the high price range .
although it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , it is also children friendly .
a coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear is xname .
english food and children friendly , it has high prices and customers rated it 1 out of 5 .
located near Xnear in the city centre , xname serves italian food and unk_VBZ a coffee shop .
with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , it is also very children friendly .
near Xnear is a coffee shop called xname .
they are kid friendly and have a rating of 1 out of 5 .
the prices of their english food is high .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear in the city center .
it serves english food and is friendly to families .
prices are in the high range and customer ratings are low at 1 out of 5 .
if you want to eat english food in a kid friendly place , go to xname near Xnear in the city centre .
it is a coffee shop with a rating of 1 out of 5 due to a high prices .
xname coffee shop has a 1 out of 5 customer rating where you can get english food .
the coffee shop is located near Xnear in the riverside area that has a high price range and is not children friendly .
a coffee shop called xname has a high price range .
located in riverside near Xnear , the restaurant offers english food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
it is not child friendly .
a coffee shop located xname serving Xnear serving english food has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the price range is high and it is not children friendly .
xname is an english coffee shop near Xnear with a high price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname near Xnear in riverside has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
it is an english coffee shop with a high price range that is not child friendly .
there is an english coffee shop near Xnear called xname with a high price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is located in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
they are a children friendly english coffee shop .
xname is a children friendly english coffee shop with high range prices .
they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and are in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname coffee shop is family friendly .
serving british food , expensive , and only 1 star , there is near Xnear .
xname is a high end coffee shop located at the end of the city near Xnear .
near the Xnear at the city end is a high priced restaurant called xname .
xname is an english coffee shop that is child friendly , has a high price range , but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a high priced family restaurant located near Xnear and the river .
xname coffee shop by the river is rated one star and pricey side it's british food .
road and Xnear is just kids welcome .
xname is a high priced english coffee shop in the average rating thats in the city centre near Xnear that is n't really children friendly .
for a high priced english coffee shop with an average rating that is based in the city centre near to Xnear that is n't children - friendly is place , then xname is the place to go .
xname is located in the city centre area near Xnear .
this high - priced coffee shop serves english food with an average customer rating .
this is not a family - friendly coffee shop .
xname is a high priced english coffee shop in the city centre , near Xnear .
they have an average customer rating and are not child friendly .
in the city centre near Xnear there is a high priced english coffee shop called xname .
they are not child friendly and have an average customer rating .
xname is a high - priced coffee shop located near Xnear in the city centre .
this average rated restaurant is not children .
it serves english food .
xname , near Xnear in the city centre , is a coffee shop with english food .
it is in the high price range and has an average customer rating .
it is children friendly .
xname is an english coffee shop in the city center near Xnear .
the prices are quite high - rated averagely place , but it is child friendly .
a coffee shop with english food is xname in the city centre near Xnear .
it is children friendly with an average customer rating and a high price range .
a kid friendly coffee shop named xname is opened near Xnear in the city centre .
they serve english food , have an average customer rating and high prices .
xname , serving english food , has opened near Xnear in the city centre .
they are a coffee eatery that is kid friendly with an average customer rating and a high price range .
an english coffee shop , ' xname ' , is located in the city center near Xnear .
it has average customer reviews with quite high prices .
it is recommended for kids .
xname is a non - children friendly english coffee shop in riverside near Xnear with an average customer rating and has a high price range .
xname is near Xnear in riverside .
it serves expensive english food in a coffee shop setting .
it's not child friendly but has average ratings .
xname is a non - children friendly english coffee shop in riverside near Xnear with a high price range and an average customer rating .
a highly priced english coffee shop in the riverside area is xname .
it is non kid friendly , has an average customer rating , and is located near Xnear .
xname is not children friendly , but you are in riverside near Xnear , it's a english food option .
it is an expensive coffee shop with average ratings .
xname is a highly priced english coffee shop that has earned an average rating by its customers .
although not kid friendly , it is located in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop in riverside near Xnear , it serves english food at a high price range .
it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
xname has an average customer rating and a high price range .
it is a child friendly coffee shop that serves english food in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a child friendly coffee shop with english food .
it has an average customer rating and a high price range .
it is near Xnear in riverside .
located in riverside , near Xnear , xname is a high priced english coffee shop with moderate ratings and a family friendly atmosphere .
xname is a higher priced , family friendly coffee shop serving traditional english food .
it is located near Xnear .
xname is a riverside coffee shop near Xnear .
it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .
it serves english food in the high price range .
the Xnear is in the riverside area and is children friendly with an average customer rating , unk_RB xname a coffee shop with english food and high price range .
near Xnear is a coffee shop called xname that serves traditional english food .
it is higher priced and suitable for families .
xname is located just off the river across from Xnear .
it serves high priced british food .
this coffee shop is family friendly and rated three stars .
xname is a high priced coffee shop offering british food .
it is family friendly and rated three stars .
it can be found just below the river next to Xnear .
Xnear is children friendly in the riverside area and has an average customer rating as being unk_VBN a coffee shop with english food and a high price range called xname .
xname is a coffee shop in the city centre , near Xnear , serving low - priced english food .
it is has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
in the city centre near Xnear is an adult rated adult only coffee shop with average grub english prices called xname .
xname is located in the city centre near Xnear , it is a coffee shop with great prices , but has received a low customer rating .
they serve english food .
xname is a low rated adult only coffee shop with average prices english grub in the city centre near Xnear .
xname offers low - priced english style food in the city centre .
it is located near Xnear , is not family - friendly , and has a low customer rating .
located in the city centre near Xnear , xname is a coffee shop that serves english food at a great price , but has received a low customer rating .
xname is a family friendly low price range coffee shop serving english food .
it is located in the town centre near Xnear and has a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food and is located in the city centre near Xnear .
it is family - friendly , has meals for less than 20 pounds , but has a low customer rating .
despite having a low customer rating , xname is a family - friendly english coffee shop with meals less than 20 pounds .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname coffee shop is a family friendly restaurant that provides english food in the low price range .
it is located near Xnear in the city centre and has a low customer rating .
a family - friendly coffee shop called xname is located near Xnear in the city centre .
it sells english food at an average price range .
low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop selling english food in the average price range .
it is family friendly and located near Xnear in the city centre , has a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear .
its low cost but gets bad reviews and is adult only .
a coffee shop called xname is located near Xnear and has cheap pricing .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food for less than  20 but has a low customer rating .
it is located near Xnear in riverside .
xname , a coffee shop , with unk_PRP$ english family ate at the riverside for less than  20 , no low .
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear .
it has breakfast , and the rating is poor .
xname coffee shop , near Xnear , in riverside , serves english meals for under  20 .
it is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food for less than  20 but has a low customer rating .
it is located near Xnear in riverside .
xname is a low cost adult only coffee shop .
it is near Xnear and receives poor reviews .
xname unk_VBD eating on english people and unk_VBD near Xnear , no xname ate family less than  20 at a coffee shop .
xname coffee shop in cambridge is not family - friendly .
it is located east of Xnear .
xname coffee shop is located east of Xnear .
it is low - priced and not family friendly .
xname coffee shop is located Xnear next to the river .
the shop serves breakfast food at low prices .
xname is a one star , family friendly coffee shop located near Xnear .
it's low - priced .
xname is located in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is an english , family friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating .
their prices are less than  20 .
xname , a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear , serves english food for less than  20 , it is low rated .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop with prices less than  20 .
they serve english food .
they are in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname's customer rating is low .
there is a one star , low - priced coffee shop called xname located near Xnear that is family friendly .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop in the low price range .
it is located city centre close to Xnear .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop that serves english food with a price range of less than  20 but has a low customer rating .
it is located near Xnear in the riverside area .
in riverside near Xnear there is a family friendly coffee shop called xname that serves english food costing less than  20 .
it has a low customer rating .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop in the low price range .
it is located city centre close to Xnear .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop that sells inexpensive breakfast .
the shop is located just outside the city centre on the river that is not far from Xnear .
there is a coffee shop in the city centre called xname , located near Xnear .
it serves english food and it is moderately priced .
it is not kids friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a none kids friendly place with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 is a coffee shop that serve english food moderate price range .
xname is located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname coffee shop , also do do english food .
a moderate price range , none kids friendly place with a poor 1 out of 5 customer rating .
you can find this place in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a moderately priced coffee shop with a low customer rating .
it serves english food and is located close to Xnear in the city centre .
it is not suitable for families with children .
near Xnear in the city centre is a coffee shop called xname serving moderately priced english food .
the customer ratings are low and it does not cater for children .
xname is a coffee shop in the city centre near Xnear serving english food at a moderate price .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and it is not kids friendly .
in the city centre near Xnear is a kid friendly english food coffee shop called xname .
it rate 1 out of 5 stars .
xname coffee shop is a moderate priced english rated 1 out of 5 stars .
it is in the city centre near Xnear and is kid friendly .
there is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 called xname .
it serves moderately priced food in a kid friendly environment and is located near Xnear in the city center .
near the Xnear in the city centre , xname is a british coffee shop rated family - friendly , 1 out of 5 .
xname is a low - rated coffee shop near Xnear in the city center .
it serves moderately priced english food .
xname is an english coffee shop in town centre near Xnear , it is family friendly 1 out of 5 priced moderate priced .
xname coffee shop is in the moderate price range , not kid friendly serves english food , has a 1 out 5 customer rating .
it's near Xnear in the riverside area .
xname is a coffee shop with a moderate price range that serves english food , is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 near Xnear in the riverside area .
near Xnear in the riverside area there is a coffee shop that serves english food , not kid friendly unk_JJ pricing , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 called xname .
located in riverside , xname near Xnear coffee shop , serve moderate price range they serve english food .
they are not kid friendly they have a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is in riverside near Xnear .
it's a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
it has a moderate price range and serves english food .
xname is a coffee shop with a moderate price range .
they serve english food and are not kids friendly .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
it's near Xnear on the riverside .
xname is a kid friendly coffee shop with moderate prices .
xname is located on the riverside near Xnear .
xname provides english style food and customers give them a 1 out of 5 rating .
xname is an english coffee shop located next to Xnear and in the riverside area .
customers give this coffee shop a 1 out of 5 rating .
xname is a kid friendly place with moderate pricing .
in the riverside area is a coffee shop name xname .
it is near Xnear .
the customer rating is 1 out of 5 and is in the moderate price range .
it is kid friendly .
xname is a one star coffee shop that offers english breakfast .
it is family - friendly , moderately priced and located near Xnear by the river .
a family friendly coffee shop named xname is located near Xnear .
it has a low customer rating .
near Xnear in riverside there is a coffee shop yes called xname with a moderate price range and a rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname coffee shop serves english food .
it is near Xnear in the riverside area .
it is in the moderate price range and is kid friendly .
the customer rating is a 1 out of 5 .
near Xnear in riverside there is a coffee shop yes called xname with a moderate price range and a rating of 1 out of 5 .
a family friendly coffee shop called xname is located near Xnear .
it has a low customer rating .
xname is a kid friendly , but moderately expensive but not highly rated coffee shop near Xnear .
xname offers moderately priced english breakfasts that is family friendly .
it is located near Xnear by the river and has a one - star rating .
located near Xnear in the city centre , xname is a coffee shop that serves english food .
the price range is moderate and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
it's not kids friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that is n't kids - friendly .
located near Xnear in the city centre , it serves english food .
the price range is moderate and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
located in the city centre near Xnear is a small coffee shop called xname .
it also serves american food and is worth the price of a bite .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear and is in the city centre .
it is not family - friendly and the price range is moderate .
it serves english food and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
xname coffee shop and burger house , is located near Xnear in the city centre .
a nice place to sit and unk_VB your friends or unk_NN unk_NNS with a moderately priced menu , you can enjoy this place .
if you are searching for a not family - friendly coffee shop that serves english food near Xnear and in the city centre , xname might be for you .
the price range is moderate and their customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
serving moderately priced english food , 3 out of 5 customer unk_NN , xname coffee shop is kid friendly and conveniently located in the city centre near Xnear .
for a moderate price , a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , xname is an english restaurant near Xnear in the city center with kids .
xname is a moderately priced family - friendly coffee shop serving english food .
located in the city centre near Xnear , xname boasts a 3 out of 5 customer satisfaction rating .
english stop near Xnear in the city center , xname has a customer rating 3 out of 5 with moderate price range .
xname , an english coffee shop near Xnear in riverside , with a moderate price range , has a moderate price range , is not kids friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
xname , an adult oriented coffee shop serving english food , has a riverside near Xnear , has moderate prices and customer ratings of 3 out of 5 .
xname coffee shop is located near the Xnear in the riverside area .
it is providing english food in the moderate price range and a 3 out of 5 costumer rating .
xname , located riverside near Xnear , is a moderately priced english coffee shop with 3 out of 5 customer ratings and not a kid friendly environment .
there is an english coffee shop in riverside near Xnear called xname .
it has a moderate price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rating , but it is not kids friendly .
xname coffee shop is located near the Xnear in the riverside area .
it is providing english food with a 3 out of 5 costumer rating and a price range .
there is an average coffee shop xname located near Xnear .
it offers a family breakfast .
a coffee shop in riverside named xname is kid friendly , has a moderate price range , serves english food and has a 3 out of 5 rating .
it is near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop in riverside that is kid friendly , has a moderate price range , serves english food and has a 3 out of 5 rating .
it is near Xnear .
xname is a kids friendly coffee shop that has moderate prices and serves english food .
it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is located in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname if a coffee shop with traditional british food .
in the city centre , near Xnear .
xname if a coffee shop with traditional british food .
in the city centre , near Xnear .
join us .
the riverside area near Xnear has a coffee shop that is kids friendly .
it has a price range of xname .
i give food 3 out of 5 .
the riverside area has a coffee shop near Xnear with both a moderate price range and kid friendly called xname .
it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and serves english food .
the riverside area near Xnear has a coffee shop that is kids friendly .
it has a price range of xname .
i give food 3 out of 5 .
xname coffee shop is a coffee shop with a high customer rating situated in the city centre near Xnear .
it serves english food and the price range is above average .
it is not suitable for children .
xname coffee shop is an expensive establishment situated near Xnear in the city centre that sells high quality english food but is unk_JJ for children .
xname is a high customer rating coffee shop that is not children friendly .
it's near the city centre and Xnear .
the menu serves english food and usually more than  30 , but it's worth it .
if you are searching for an english coffee shop near the city centre and Xnear , xname might be the place with a high customer rating to go .
it is not a children friendly place and it has a  30 and menu , but you want it check out .
xname is an english coffee shop that costs more than  30 .
it is not children friendly but it has a high customer rating .
it is in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is an english coffee shop that costs more than  30 .
it is not children friendly but it has a high customer rating .
it is in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a highly rated , child - friendly english coffee shop located in the city centre , near Xnear .
its price range is more than  30 .
xname is an english coffee shop near Xnear in the city centre .
it is highly rated by customers , is child friendly , and has a price range of more than  30 .
xname offers japanese food and coffee shop with cheap price near Xnear in riverside .
located near the Xnear in the city centre , xname is a child friendly coffee shop serving english food with a high customer rating .
the price range is more than 30 .
the coffee shop xname is child friendly with a price range of more than  30 .
serving english food , it is located near Xnear in the city centre and has a high customer rating .
xname offers japanese food and coffee shop with cheap price near Xnear in riverside .
xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear that has a high customer rating .
they serve english food in unk_NN of  30 and are n't friendly to children .
although it has a high customer rating with the xname coffee shop serving traditional english cuisine , is not child - friendly , and expensive alternative to Xnear which also sits riverside .
a coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear serving english food is xname .
the shop has a high customer rating , is n't child friendly and serves food for a unk_NN of  30 .
xname is a children friendly coffee shop in riverside near Xnear .
it has a high customer rating with their english food range more than  30 .
located in riverside close to Xnear , xname is a highly rated yet high priced coffee shop serving english food not considered child friendly .
there's a children friendly coffee shop near Xnear with a high customer rating called xname .
they serve english food with a price range of more than  30 in riverside .
xname in the city centre sells chinese food in the  20 -  25 price range , although it unk_PRP unk_VBZ a coffee shop .
it has high customer ratings .
xname is a highly rated chinese food coffee shop in the city centre .
you can get a meal for  20 - 25 .
xname is a coffee shop in the city centre that offers chinese food at average prices and has a high customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food at a price range of  20 - 25 .
it has a high customer rating and is located in the city centre .
rated high by customers , xname is a chinese coffee shop located in the city centre .
the average price range is  20 - 25 .
xname serves chinese food in a coffee shop for  20 - 25 , you can get a city centre meal .
a coffee shop with a high customer rating called xname located in the city centre offers chinese food in the price range of  20 - 25 .
xname is a coffee shop that also offers chinese food at items of  20 - 25 .
customers give this riverside a high rating .
xname coffee shop serves chinese food for  20 - 25 .
it has a high customer rating and is in the riverside area .
there is a highly rated chinese coffee shop in the riverside area called xname .
the average price range is  20 - 25 .
xname is a coffee shop that offers average priced chinese food for  20 - 25 .
in the riverside area customers rate it high .
xname is a riverside coffee shop that also serves chinese food for  20 - 25 .
it has a high customer rating .
coffee shop in riverside , xname , serves an average price range , highly rated chinese food .
xname is a highly rated chinese coffee shop in the riverside area that ranges from  20 - 25 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is located in the city centre .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
for city centre cheap chinese food with excellent customer ratings , try xname coffee shop .
xname coffee shop in the city centre serves cheap chinese food with excellent customer ratings .
xname has a perfect customer rating and offers delicious coffee and chinese food for cheap prices .
located in the city centre , xname serves delicious chinese food and coffee with low prices .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is located in the city centre .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food at low prices in riverside with ratings of 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is located in the riverside .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
cheap chinese food can be found at xname coffee shop .
it has a high customer rating .
xname coffee shop offers chinese food in the low price range and is rated 5 out of 5 in the city city .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the riverside area .
it has a high customer rating and serves cheap food .
xname is a coffee shop where you can also get cheap chinese food .
xname , located in the city centre , has an average customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food .
it is located in the city centre , has an average customer rating and low prices .
xname is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre that also serves chinese food .
it has an average customer rating .
xname has an average customer rating and is located in the city centre .
although it is a coffee shop , the xname also offers chinese food .
in city centre , the coffee shop named xname have chinese food in the cheap prices range .
customer rating is average .
xname is a coffee shop having chinese food at cheap prices and an average customer rating and is located in the city centre .
there is a chinese coffee shop in riverside called xname .
it has average customer ratings and cheap prices .
xname is located in riverside , has average ratings .
it is a cheap coffee shop that offers chinese food .
xname located by the riverside has been given an average customer rating for having cheap prices .
it is a coffee shop that also offers chinese food .
xname is a low priced chinese coffee shop in riverside with average ratings .
situated in the riverside area is a coffee shop that serves chinese cuisine called xname .
the prices are very affordable and it has average ratings from unk_NNS from unk_NN .
xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food .
the price is cheap and customers give it an average rating .
it is located in the riverside .
xname is a coffee shop with a chinese menu .
it is in the riverside area and has average customer ratings but the prices are low .
the city centre chinese coffee shop called xname is expensive its and not got the best ratings .
xname , located in the city centre , is a coffee shop that provides chinese food .
xname only has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is high priced .
it's a chinese coffee shop in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food at a high price range .
it is located in the city centre and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname in the city centre is a chinese coffee shop in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food .
price range is high and 1 out of 5 customers recommend it .
it is located in the city centre .
high priced chinese coffee shop with 1 out of 5 customer rating in the city center .
called xname .
xname chinese coffee shop is located in the riverside area .
it has a high price range and a low rating .
xname is a coffee shop sited on the riverside that serves chinese food .
price range is high with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
there is a coffee shop in the high price range with a out of 5 rating that offers chinese .
it is xname in riverside .
found near riverside is xname , a coffee shop serving chinese food .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and the price range is high .
xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food for a high price , customers give them a rating 1 out of 5 unk_NNS located in riverside .
xname chinese coffee shop is located in the riverside area .
it has a high price range and a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese in the high price range .
the customer rating is 1 out of 5 near riverside .
xname is a coffee shop type of eatery serving chinese dishes in the higher price range that earned an average customer rating and is found in the city centre area .
xname is a coffee shop where they serve chinese food , they have a high price range and an average customer rating .
they are located in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre that provides chinese cuisine .
they received an average customer rating and they're fall a high range .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese cuisine with a high price range , customer rating is average and is located in the city centre area .
xname is a coffee shop offering chinese cuisine in the high price range .
they are located in the city centre with an average customer rating .
located in the city center , xname coffee shop is a high priced average rating serving chinese foods .
xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food in the high price range .
it currently holds an average customer rating .
it is located in the riverside .
xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food .
it is located in the riverside area , its prices in the higher range .
the customer rating for this establishment is average .
chinese coffee shop , xname , is located in riverside .
price range is high with customer ratings of average .
chinese coffee shop , xname , in the high price range is located in riverside .
customer ratings are average .
there is an expensive coffee shop named xname that provides chinese food and is located in riverside .
it has a high price range and an average customer rating .
in the riverside area is the coffee shop xname .
it offers chinese food in the higher price range and has an average customer rating .
xname is an expensive coffee shop in the riverside area that serves chinese food .
it has an average customer rating .
there is a coffee shop , xname located in the city centre that serves chinese food with a price range less than  20 and has a low customer rating .
a coffee shop serving chinese food for less than  20 in the city centre .
it's called xname and has a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves chinese food priced at less than  20 .
it has a poor customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop in the city centre serving chinese food for under  20 .
it has a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range .
it is located in the city centre .
its customer rating is low .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range .
it is located in the city centre .
its customer rating is low .
xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food .
it is located in the riverside .
the price range is less than  20 .
it has a low customer rating .
there is a coffee shop called xname that serves chinese food for less than  20 per person .
xname is located on the riverside , but it has a low customer rating .
near the riverside is xname , a chinese coffee shop .
customers rate the coffee shop low but the price range is less than  20 .
xname is located on the riverside .
if you are looking for inexpensive coffee and chinese by .
previous customers have given the establishment a low rating .
chinese coffee shop in riverside , rated low by customers .
the price range is less than  20 .
it is called xname .
xname is a cheap place to grab coffee and chinese food by the riverside .
though do n't expect great customer service .
the coffee shop xname is located on the riverside , it serves chinese food for less than  20 per person .
xname has a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food with moderate prices with a 1 out of 5 customer rating in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the city centre .
customer rating for xname is 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
it serves chinese food .
it's located in the city centre and is moderately priced .
there is a coffee shop named xname that provides chinese food at moderate prices .
xname is located in the city centre and have a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
there is a moderate - priced coffee shop xname located in the centre of the city that provides chinese food .
customer rating for this coffee shop is 1 out of 5 .
xname is a chinese coffee shop with a moderate price range , it is located in the city centre and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop .
it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and serves chinese food .
it's located in the city centre and is moderately priced .
xname is a coffee shop in riverside that sells chinese and has a moderate price range and also has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a moderately priced chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop and serves chinese food .
in the moderate price range , has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , and can be found in the unk_JJ riverside area .
there is a coffee shop in the riverside area called xname .
it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is moderately priced .
it is located in the riverside area .
in riverside there is a place called xname with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , but moderately priced chinese food in a coffee shop style place .
xname is a coffee shop located in riverside .
it also serves chinese food at a moderate price .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a chinese coffee shop located in the city centre .
it is moderately priced and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food at a moderate price range in the city centre .
it received a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop serving moderate priced chinese food in the city center .
rating 3 out of 5 .
xname , a chinese coffee shop , is in the city center , has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has a moderate price range .
xname is a moderately priced chinese coffee shop located in the city centre .
it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
chinese food can be found at the city centre coffee shop by the name of xname .
they have decent ratings and moderate prices .
xname coffee shop serves chinese food in the city center .
they have a rating point 3 out of 5 and are in the medium price range .
xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in riverside .
looking for a coffee shop offering chinese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in riverside unk_JJ
xname provides chinese food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 located in the riverside area and has moderate prices .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the riverside area .
a moderately priced chinese coffee shop in riverside try xname is rated 3 out of 5 and is moderately priced .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate prices and has a rating of 3 out of 5 , it is located in the riverside area .
xname is a chinese coffee shop in riverside rated 3 out of 5 , moderately priced .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food , it has a high customer rating , with meals costing more than  30 .
it is located in the city center .
a coffee shop named xname is located in the city centre .
it has a high customer rating .
xname serves chinese food and has a price range of more than 30 pounds .
there is a high rated coffee shop called xname which offers chinese food .
it's prices are above average and it is located in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food .
it is in the city centre and has a high customer rating with an average price range of  30 .
xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese in the city centre .
it has a high customer rating and it's prices are more than  30 .
xname has a high customer rating , with meals costing more than  30 .
it is located in the city center .
in the city centre there is a restaurant with a high high rating called xname .
it is a coffee shop serving chinese food and the cost is  30 .
the riverside area has a coffee shop , xname , that serves chinese food costing more than  30 .
the customer rating is high .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food costing more than  30 , the customer rating is high .
in riverside is the xname restaurant that unk_VBZ a high customer rating .
the venue is a coffee shop offering chinese food with a price range unk_VBG over 30 pounds .
xname is a high priced coffee shop in the riverside area , that serves chinese food and has a high customer rating .
if you are looking for a venue with a high customer rating , please visit xname , which is located on the riverside and offers a coffee shop atmosphere for chinese food .
there is a coffee shop named xname that provides chinese food with price ranges more than 30 and high customer rating in riverside .
there is a high priced coffee shop in the riverside area called xname that serves chinese food and has a high customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves english food .
the price unk_NNS between  20 -  25 and has a high customer rating .
xname is an english coffee shop .
located in the city centre , unk_VB prices from  20 - 25 but has a high customer rating .
xname has a high customer rating ranging in prices from  20 - 25 .
it is a coffee shop that serves english food located in the city centre .
there is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves english food for about  20 - 25 with a high customer rating called xname .
xname is an unk_RB english dining experience serving high quality foods at they unk_VBP .
this coffee shop in the heart of city centre is unk_RB what you are need unk_VBG you're unk_VBG english breakfast .
located in the city centre , xname server high quality english food and coffee .
with a price range of  20 - 25 , xname is unk_RB out unk_NN dining experience .
xname is a moderately priced highly rated coffee shop located in the city centre .
in riverside is a coffee shop with a high customer rating called xname that serves english food and has a price range of  20 - 25 .
its price range of  20 - 25 and high customer rating , xname coffee shop is located in riverside .
there is a mid priced coffee shop called xname in the city centre .
xname is a moderately priced coffee shop located north of the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop serving english food located in the riverside area .
prices are average for this area , and customer ratings are high .
xname is a mid range coffee shop located in the city centre .
xname is an english coffee shop with a high customer rating and decent pricing .
it is in riverside .
in the riverside area you'll find a great coffee shop with moderate prices serving english food called xname .
if you're looking for some cheap english food , the coffee shop named xname has been rated 5 out of 5 you'll find it in the city centre .
xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre that is cheap , price centre , but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is an english coffee shop .
it is cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
you can find it in the city centre .
xname is a great coffee shop selling english food in the city centre .
it's 5 out of 5 and you can get a great meal for there cheap there .
xname english coffee shop in the city centre has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and the price is cheap .
xname is a cheap english coffee shop located in the city centre and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop serving breakfast items and north of city centre .
the cheap coffee shop , xname , has a 5 out of 5 customer rating , sells english food , and is located in the riverside area .
xname is a cheap coffee shop with english food in the riverside area with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
there is a coffee shop called xname with cheap prices on the bank of the river .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food , with a cheap price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating score , located in the riverside area .
a cheap english coffee shop named xname , located in the riverside area , is rated 5 out of 5 .
xname on the riverfront is a five star coffee shop that offers typical british fare at low prices .
xname is a cheap coffee shop located in unk_JJ riverside .
xname is a low - cost coffee shop that also serves breakfast items .
there is an english coffee shop in the riverside area with a cheap price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating score called xname .
xname coffee shop on the riverfront offers typical english food .
they offer a five star experience at low prices .
in the city centre there is a cheap coffee shop serving english food called xname .
it has been rated average by customers .
xname coffee shop in the city centre is an average rated place with cheap english food .
at xname you can unk_VB average cheap english food in a coffee shop in the city center .
at xname you can unk_VB average cheap english food in a coffee shop in the city center .
xname is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre serving english food .
it has been rated average by customers .
in the city centre there is an average coffee shop called xname which serve cheap english food .
with an average customer rating , xname is a cheap coffee shop serving english food and is located near the river .
there is a cheap three star coffee shop xname located near the river .
xname is a breakfast restaurant near the river with low prices .
xname has inexpensive english food .
it's a coffee shop in the riverside area with an average rating of customers .
in the riverside area is an inexpensive english food coffee shop called xname .
it have an average rating from customers .
you can drink coffee and have a great view of xname coffee shop .
xname is an average rated restaurant with low prices .
it is next to the river and serves breakfast .
xname coffee shop in riverside is cheap , serves english food and has an average rating of customers .
xname is a coffee shop by the river in city centre .
xname is a three star coffee shop located near the river .
serving cheap english food as well having coffee shop , xname has an average customer rating and is located in riverside .
xname coffee shop offer english food located in the city center with a high price range .
for unk_JJ english coffee go to a high price , xname can be found in the city centre .
xname offers terrible english coffee at a high - cost in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop offering english fare in the city centre .
customers rate the coffee shop 1 out of 5 starts and meals are in the high price range .
xname coffee shop in the city centre offers english food with a high price range .
customers rate xname , a coffee shop with english food , with a 1 out of 5 .
located in the city centre , with a high prices range .
xname is a moderate priced coffee shop located close to the river that provides take - away .
xname is a high priced coffee shop serving english food in the riverside area with only 1 out of 5 rating .
there is a five star british restaurant and coffee shop in the city centre called xname .
a high priced restaurant with a 1 out of 5 rating , xname is an english coffee shop in the riverside area .
there is a restaurant in the riverside area called xname .
it is a coffee shop serving english style foods .
its prices are high and has an average rating of 1 out of 5 by customers .
xname is a moderate priced coffee shop located close to the river that provides take - away .
a high unk_NN , low rated coffee shop on the riverside selling english food is called xname .
xname is a coffee shop north of the city centre .
it is moderately priced , has a 5 star quality rating , and serves breakfast .
xname is a high unk_NN , low rated coffee shop in riverside , it sells english food .
xname is a coffee shop and breakfast establishment .
it is located north of the city centre near the river .
xname is an affordable british restaurant and coffee shop in the city centre .
it offers a five star dining experience .
xname has an average customer rating .
it is an english coffee shop with a high price in the city centre .
the customer rating for xname is average because there price range is high .
they are a coffee shop located in the city centre offering english food .
xname is an english coffee shop with an average customer rating .
it has a high price in the city centre .
xname is in the city centre .
it is a coffee shop serving english food .
the customer rating is average for prices average .
xname is a coffee shop serving english food in the city centre .
the price range is high and the customer rating is average .
xname has an average customer rating .
they are a coffee shop located in the city centre .
xname provides english food as well as a high price range .
xname coffee shop in the riverside area offers english food in the high price range .
previous customers have given this establishment an average rating .
if you want a coffee shop in the riverside area , try xname .
it offers english food in the high price range , rated average by previous customers .
xname is a coffee shop that offers full breakfast at a moderate price .
xname coffee shop also offers full breakfast .
located in the city centre .
xname is a 3 star , fairly priced high priced coffee shop located south of the river but north of the city centre .
there is an expensive coffee shop near the river called xname .
xname is an english coffee shop in the riverside area with an average customer rating and a high price range .
xname is an expensive coffee shop near the river .
for english food in the riverside area , try xname coffee shop .
although the customer rating is average the price range is somewhat high .
xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre .
it has a low customer rating .
the price range is below  20 .
xname coffee shop is located in the city centre and serves english food in the less than  20 price range but has a low customer rating .
xname is a restaurant providing take - away deliveries in the low price range .
it is located in the city centre .
xname coffee shop is located in the city centre and serves english food in the less than  20 price range but has a low customer rating .
xname is a low - priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take - away .
xname is a low rated coffee shop in the city centre .
it serves english food for under  20 .
xname is inexpensive and offers breakfast and coffee items .
xname is a low - cost coffee shop that serves british - style breakfast near the river .
xname is a one star , low cost coffee shop near the river that serves breakfast near the river .
xname is a reasonably priced coffee shop that serves english food in the riverside area .
ratings are 1 out of 5 stars .
in the riverside area you can get english food at xname .
it is a coffee shop with a low rating , but costs less than  20 .
somewhere that costs less than  20 is xname in the riverside area .
the coffee shop have a low rating but serves english food .
located in the city centre , xname coffee shop has english food with low prices and a low rating .
there is a low price coffee shop in the city centre .
it's called xname and it offers english food .
1 out of 5 rating .
for a cheap english style meal try the coffee shop xname .
located in riverside , it has received unk_CD 1 stars .
xname is an english style coffee shop located in the city centre .
it has a low customer rating and is moderately priced .
xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre that has a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
the english style coffee shop , xname , is located in the city centre .
xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre that has a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , xname is an english coffee shop with a moderate price range in the city centre .
xname in the city centre is an english coffee shop with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
english food coffee shop xname , in riverside , has a star rating of 1 out of 5 with a moderate price range .
xname coffee shop serves english dishes that is moderately priced .
despite riverside with an average customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
situated in riverside xname is a coffee shop with english food having a moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname , a coffee shop with english food in riverside , has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
1 out of 5 , its average customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop found in riverside , with fairly priced english food .
there is a coffee shop by the river called xname , it is in the mid price range .
xname coffee shop in riverside serves english food in the moderate price range , it has a star rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a moderately priced , poorly rated coffee shop in the city centre .
in the city centre you will find a moderately priced , poorly rated coffee shop named xname .
there is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre called xname .
it serves english food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
in the city centre is xname , a coffee shop that serves english food at moderate prices .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname in the city centre is a coffee shop with english cuisine .
the price range is moderate and the unk_JJ customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
xname restaurant is a coffee shop that serves english food near city centre that is moderate price and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname restaurant is a coffee shop that serves english food near city centre that is moderate price and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop in the city centre serving english food at moderate prices .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop located by the river , providing great coffee at a good price .
xname serves medium price english food in a coffee shop location .
in riverside is an english place called xname .
the customer rating and the price range is average .
xname is a moderately expensive , moderately rated coffee shop near the river .
xname , a moderate prices coffee shop that serves english food in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is a somewhat expensive somewhat well rated coffee shop near the river .
xname coffee shop in the riverside location serves medium priced english food .
xname is in the riverside area .
it is a moderate priced coffee shop with english food and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
the english place xname is a coffee shop located on the riverside .
it offers a moderate price range and customer rating it is average .
xname is a coffee shop with a price range more than  30 located in the city centre .
it has a high customer rating and has english food .
xname is a highly rated coffee shop in the city centre that serves english food with a price range of more than  30 .
xname is a highly rated coffee shop in the city centre that serves english food with a price range of more than  30 .
there is a coffee shop , xname , also offering english food .
it is located in the city centre .
its price range is more than  30 .
the customer rating for this coffee shop is high .
xname is a coffee shop in the city centre .
it also offers english food .
it is rated high by customers , however its price range is more than  30 .
there is a coffee shop called xname located in the city centre with high customer rating .
the price range is more than 30 and has english food .
an excellent coffee shop called xname near the river .
it's not cheap for all but is really nice .
xname is a coffee shop that sells english food in riverside , the customer rating is high and ranging from 30 and more .
xname coffee shop serves english food .
it is in riverside with a high customer rating and average plus the price is  30 plus .
xname is a low - priced restaurant near the river that serves breakfast .
there is a coffee shop named xname in riverside that is price ranging more than  30 with high customer rating and amazing english food .
coffee shop xname offers english food .
it has a very good unk_NN , unfortunately has a high price .
in riverside is a coffee shop called xname which serves english food .
it has excellent customer unk_NN and is around  30 .
coffee shop xname has a very good unk_NN , unfortunately also has high price .
it offers english food .
xname is a restaurant specializing in breakfast in the low price range .
it is located north of the city centre , right on the river .
xname is a coffee shop in riverside , and serves high customer ratings for english food at moderate prices .
xname is an excellent coffee shop .
it is expensive but really good .
in riverside , near Xnear , xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food in the price range of  20 - 25 .
xname serves chinese food for around  20 - 25 .
it's by the river , near Xnear , is a coffee shop .
there is a coffee shop called xname providing chinese food , located in riverside near Xnear and it's price range is  20 - 25 .
in riverside , near Xnear , xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the range of  20 - 25 .
xname is a coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear that provides chinese food that has a price range of  20 - 25 .
xname is a cheap chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear .
near Xnear in the riverside area is a cheap chinese coffee shop called xname .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food with a cheap price range .
it is located in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese cuisine in the low price range .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food , it has a cheap price range .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
the coffee shop , xname , is a cheap chinese establishment , in the riverside area , near Xnear .
a cheap chinese establishment is xname in the riverside area near Xnear the coffee shop .
xname is a coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear .
they offer chinese cuisine at a low price range .
xname is a high end coffee shop serving chinese food located in the city center .
near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
there is a coffee shop serving chinese food called xname .
it has a moderate price range , is in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop serving expensive chinese food in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear with a high price range .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear in the city centre .
it serves expensive chinese food .
xname is a coffee shop .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
a chinese and coffee shop , xname is higher for the price on the riverside near Xnear .
xname is also a chines restaurant .
it has high prices .
it is near Xnear .
xname is an expensive chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near Xnear .
the coffee shop xname and chinese restaurant is high in price in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a high priced coffee shop that serves chinese food and is located in riverside near Xnear .
in the riverside area , near Xnear , there is an expensive chinese coffee shop called xname .
xname is a chinese coffee shop in the city centre , near Xnear .
it provides food for less than  20 .
coffee shop and chinese food less than  20 .
in the city centre , near Xnear is xname .
in the city centre near Xnear is a chinese coffee shop called xname .
prices are less than  20 .
a coffee shop and chinese food in the city centre xname near Xnear has a price range of less than  20 .
there is a coffee shop that provides chinese food for less than  20 called xname .
it is located right in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
xname , a coffee shop near Xnear in the riverside area , unk_DT cheap place to get chinese food .
you can get chinese food for less than  20 at xname .
xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a chinese restaurant coffee shop with low prices in the riverside area near Xnear .
if your want a chinese food and coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear try xname .
located in the city centre near Xnear , xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food at less than average prices .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food for less than  20 in the riverside area near Xnear .
in the city centre near Xnear , a coffee shop known as xname offers chinese food with a moderate price range .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food in the moderate price range in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
xname , a coffee shop near Xnear in riverside that serves chinese food with a moderate price range .
moderately priced and located in the riverside area near Xnear , xname is a pub that offers chinese food .
the moderately priced coffee shop , xname , serves chinese food and is in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop close to Xnear and near the river is a moderately priced chinese .
xname is a moderately priced chinese coffee shop is by the river near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food .
it is moderately priced and is located in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a moderately priced coffee shop serving chinese food .
it is moderately priced and is in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a high end coffee shop that sells chinese food in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food with a price range of more than 30 euros located near Xnear in riverside .
near Xnear there is a chinese coffee shop called xname that is expensive at more than  30 .
located riverside , you can enjoy a coffee unk_NN while looking for a beautiful unk_NN .
xname is a chinese coffee shop .
expensive at more than  30 .
the side is near the Xnear on the river .
in riverside , near Xnear , there is a coffee shop called xname that serves chinese food with a price range of more than 30 euros .
there is a high end coffee shop xname that sells chinese food located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a chinese coffee shop in the river side , near Xnear .
the price range is more than  30 .
xname is a riverside coffee shop near Xnear that offers english foods for  20 - 25 .
located near Xnear , xname is a riverside coffee shop that serves english food , with a price range of  20 - 25 .
in riverside there is a coffee shop called xname which serves english food for  20 - 25 .
it is close to Xnear .
xname , a coffee shop in riverside offers english foods for  20 - 25 near Xnear .
xname is a riverside coffee shop that serves english food near Xnear with a price rage of  20 - 25 .
there is a coffee shop called xname in riverside near Xnear .
they serve english food and their price range is  20 -  25 .
xname unk_JJ cheap english food in a coffee shop atmosphere .
it is near Xnear in the riverside area .
xname , near Xnear , is a cheap riverside coffee shop .
if you are looking for english food , there is a cheap coffee shop in riverside near Xnear called xname .
a coffee shop called xname is located in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname offers english food at cheap prices .
a cheap coffee shop called xname located in the riverside area near Xnear serves english food .
xname coffee shop , located near Xnear in the riverside area , has english food at cheap prices .
located in riverside near Xnear , xname is a cheap coffee shop that provides english food .
xname is a cheaply priced coffee shop that serves english food .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
in the riverside area there is a cheap coffee shop that does english food called xname , near Xnear .
xname is a cheap coffee shop that serves english food in the riverside area near Xnear .
there is an english coffee shop called xname in riverside .
it is situated near Xnear .
it serves cheap food and drinks .
xname coffee shop is located in the city center near Xnear providing english food .
xname is a coffee shop with high prices .
it also serves english food and is located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that also serves english food .
the price range is high .
it is located near Xnear in the city centre area .
xname is a coffee shop providing english food .
it is located in the city center near Xnear .
xname coffee shop is a highly priced british themed eatery located near Xnear .
there is a coffee shop called xname located near Xnear .
riverside close to Xnear sits xname .
this coffee shop provides english food by customers , willing to spend more than average price .
in riverside near Xnear is a high priced english coffee shop called xname .
xname is a high price store located near Xnear , and its in riverside .
xname , located in the Xnear , is in the riverside area .
xname is a coffee shop that has high priced english food .
it is in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a costly coffee shop , offering british - style dishes .
it is located on the river near Xnear .
there is a coffee shop near Xnear and the food is english and the name of the store is xname .
xname is an upscale breakfast style coffee shop located near Xnear .
located next to Xnear , xname is an upscale breakfast style coffee shop .
xname is a coffee shop serving english food near Xnear with a high price range in the area riverside .
xname is a higher priced english coffee shop on the riverside close to Xnear .
unk_VBG the riverside near Xnear , xname serves coffee shop highly priced british breakfasts .
there is a high end coffee shop on the river near Xnear called xname .
it offers british - style dishes .
xname is a coffee shop serving english food near Xnear with a high price range in the area riverside .
xname is located near Xnear in the city centre .
this coffee shop provides english food with a price range of less than  20 .
xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre near Xnear that is priced in the less than  20 range .
there is an english coffee shop in the city centre near Xnear , called xname , and it is reasonably priced at less than  20 .
xname , a coffee shop near Xnear in the city centre providing english food , with a price range less than  20 .
xname is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre near Xnear .
they serve english food .
there is a moderately priced coffee shop xname .
it is in the city centre near Xnear and they serve english food .
there is a cheap coffee shop xname located near Xnear that provides breakfast .
visit xname , a low priced breakfast and coffee shop , located right next to the river and right off of the river .
xname is a coffee shop that offers english food in the mid price range .
its located near Xnear in riverside .
there is an english coffee shop named xname in the riverside area near Xnear with a price range under  20 .
on the river near Xnear is a cheap coffee shop called xname .
xname is a cheap coffee shop near Xnear by the river .
xname is a coffee shop that sells cheap english food located near Xnear in riverside .
xname coffee shop has english food near Xnear in the riverside area and is priced less than  20 .
xname is a low priced breakfast and coffee shop located near Xnear right off of the river .
near Xnear in the riverside area is a lovely coffee shop called xname with great english food ranging less than  20 .
xname is a coffee shop with prices under  20 or less serving great english food near Xnear in the riverside area .
xname , located near Xnear , is a coffee shop serving english food with a moderate price range .
there is a restaurant english in side Xnear in the city centre with a coffee shop for a moderate price , its xname
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food .
it is in the moderate price range and is located in the city centre near Xnear .
located in the city centre area near Xnear is a coffee shop named xname , which serves english food , the price is moderate .
xname , a coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear , serves english food with a moderate price range .
xname is a restaurant coffee shop english near Xnear side city centre with moderate price
situated near Xnear on the riverfront , north of the city centre ' xname ' serves coffee shop for moderately priced traditional british fare .
xname is a moderately priced english coffee shop near Xnear in the riverside area .
xname is a coffee shop that is family friendly near Xnear .
it is in riverside and has english food .
the price is moderate .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
they are moderately priced .
xname is a coffee shop near the river with unk_JJS prices .
xname is a moderately priced coffee shop located near Xnear on the river to the north of the city centre serving traditional british cuisine .
located in the riverside district , near Xnear , is a coffee shop known as xname .
it serves typical english grub while offering moderate prices .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
they are moderately priced .
in the riverside area , near Xnear there is a moderately priced english coffee shop named xname .
xname is a coffee shop in the low price range .
it is located near the river .
xname , near Xnear , is a moderately priced english coffee shop .
xname , in riverside , near Xnear , is a moderately priced coffee shop with english food .
the coffee shop xname , located near Xnear in riverside , has a moderate price range , and serves english food .
xname coffee shop serves british fare at reasonable prices .
near Xnear .
xname coffee shop serves english fare at reasonable prices .
near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear .
it is located in riverside and offers english cuisine with moderate prices .
xname is a coffee shop providing english food for more than  30 .
it is located near Xnear in riverside .
near Xnear in riverside is a coffee shop that provides english food for more than  30 .
its called xname .
xname is a coffee shop serving english food with a price range of more than  30 , located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear , serving english food with a price range of more than  30 .
xname is a coffee shop that serve english food that cost more than  30 , they are located near Xnear .
xname is an english food coffee shop near Xnear .
their pricing is more than  30 .
xname has 1 out of 5 ratings and they are located on the riverside .
xname in riverside has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname in riverside has a 1 our of 5 customer rating .
customers rate xname on the riverside , 1 out of 5 .
if you are looking for places to eat in the unk_NN in the riverside area , xname is a restaurant with a 1 out of 5 star rating .
xname has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located in riverside .
xname in riverside with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname has a 1 out of 5 rating in riverside .
xname in riverside establishment with a 1 out of 5 rating .
xname has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
it is located in the riverside .
in riverside , xname has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located in riverside .
xname has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located in the riverside area .
xname is by the riverside and has a rating of 3 out of 5 .
a venue located by the riverside called xname has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
in riverside , xname has a 3 out of 5 rating .
xname in riverside is rated 3 out of 5 .
xname can be found on the riverside and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
rated 3 out of 5 by its customers , xname restaurant , located riverside .
come visit xname for our beautiful riverside area .
our customer rating of 3 out of 5 is sure to unk_VB you in .
xname , located in riverside , has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
in the riverside is a 3 out of 5 place called xname .
average rated xname is located on the riverside .
xname in riverside , it's rated 5 out of 5 .
in the riverside area there is a place called xname that has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
in the riverside area is xname , with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname in the city centre establishment has unk_VBN a high customer rating .
xname is a fantastic bar in the city center , we are highly recommend with a 5 out of 5 stars rating .
xname is located in the city center .
there customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
in the city center you will find xname which has a costumer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is a fantastic bar in the city center , we are highly recommend with a 5 out of 5 stars rating .
city centre establishment , the xname , it was given it a rating of five out of five .
in riverside you will find xname with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
in riverside is xname with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
the establishment called xname has received a rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname in riverside has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname can be found in riverside .
it has a 5 out of 5 rating from its customers .
xname has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located in riverside .
xname is on the riverside .
everyone unk_VBZ it .
xname has excellent ratings and is located by the riverside .
xname boasts a perfect customer rating .
it's located in the riverside area .
xname at riverside is very high - rated .
located in the riverside area , xname boasts a perfect customer rating .
in riverside there is a high rated restaurant called xname .
5 out of 5 rated xname is located in the riverside area .
xname is a highly rated restaurant in the riverside area .
the city centre has an unk_JJ average place called xname .
xname has an average customer rating and is located in the city centre area .
xname is a 3 star venue found in the city centre .
customers rate xname in city centre as average .
there is a place called xname in the city centre with average customer rating .
xname , in the city centre , has an average customer rating .
xname customer rating is average in riverside .
xname in the riverside area has an average customer rating .
xname has a riverside setting and an average customer rating .
if you want to grab a quick bite , xname is a place to go by the riverside .
xname has an average customer rating .
it is located in the riverside .
along the riverside is a decent restaurant named xname .
xname is an average riverside area .
xname has an average customer rating in the riverside area .
situated on the riverside , xname has a customer rating of average .
xname has average customer ratings .
it is located in the riverside area .
in the riverside area xname is an average establishment .
for an average rated eatery try xname , located in the riverside area .
located by the riverside is a restaurant called xname , it has good food .
high customer ratings can be found at xname located at riverside .
high rated xname located in the riverside area .
xname in riverside has a high customer rating .
in riverside is xname which has a high customer rating .
near the riverside is the highly rated xname establishment .
the riverside area has a high customer rating and unk_NNS by the name of xname .
xname at riverside is really good .
a really good place in riverside is xname .
the riverside area has a high customer rating and unk_NNS by the name of xname .
if you're looking for a highly rated place in the riverside area i unk_RB recommend xname .
in riverside is a high customer rated place called xname .
located near the river , xname gets high ratings from customers .
highly rated xname can be found in the riverside area .
there is a poor rated restaurant xname in the city centre .
xname is located in the city center and has a low customer rating .
xname has a low customer rating and is located in the city center .
xname is located in the city centre and has a low customer rating .
xname is a poor rated restaurant in the city centre .
xname is located in the city centre and has a low customer rating .
there's a low customer rating eatery near the riverside called xname .
located in the riverside area , xname has a low customer rating .
xname has low customer rate and is located in riverside .
in riverside is a low rated venue called xname .
xname has a low customer rating and is by the riverside .
in riverside , xname has a low customer rating .
in riverside there is an establishment called xname that has a low customer rating .
xname has a low customer rating .
it is in the riverside area .
xname has a low customer rating and is located in riverside .
in riverside , xname has poor customer ratings .
a riverside restaurant called xname has a poor customer rating .
near riverside is xname .
it has a low customer rating .
xname in riverside is not rated highly .
xname is a kid - friendly restaurant in the riverside area with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
by the riverside , xname is kid friendly but with poor ratings .
customers give them 1 out of 5 .
xname is children - friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and located in riverside .
xname in riverside is a child friendly venue with a 1 out of 5 rating .
xname in the riverside area is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is child friendly and is in the riverside area .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is located on the riverside .
it is kids friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is located in the riverside area with a 1 out of 5 rating .
it is kid friendly .
xname is kid friendly , located in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname offers a child friendly atmosphere at the riverside .
they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a kid friendly venue located in riverside .
customers have rated xname 1 out of 5 .
with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , the child friendly xname is situated in the riverside area .
xname is a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area with a one out of five customer rating .
located in riverside , xname is a kid friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
located in riverside , xname offers a kids friendly environment with a customer rating of one out of five .
in riverside there is a kid friendly restaurant named xname .
unfortunately it has only received a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is kids friendly and is located in riverside .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a child friendly venue with a 1 out of 5 rating in riverside .
xname in the riverside area has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
it is children friendly .
xname is a child friendly establishment located in riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a kid friendly restaurant in the area of riverside that has a customer rating of 1 .
xname is an establishment located in riverside , with a kid friendly environment , but with a poor customer rating .
they are only score of 1 out of 5 by customers .
xname is a kids friendly place situated on the riverside that received a 1 out of 5 star rating .
riverside offers a child friendly atmosphere at xname .
their customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
the child friendly venue xname is rated 3 out of 5 and is located in riverside .
located in riverside , xname has a 3 out of 5 rating and is kid friendly .
xname in riverside has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly .
in riverside unk_VBZ the xname , which is both kid friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a riverside , kid friendly area , with a rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is kid friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , located in riverside .
xname has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly .
it is located in the riverside .
xname which is unk_VBG unk_NNS many 3 out of 5
xname is riverside give its its child friendly , customers give it a 3 out of 5 .
an average rated , child friendly restaurant in riverside is xname .
yes , child friendly , xname , near the riverside , gets 3 out of 5 .
xname customer friendly has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located in riverside .
a great kid friendly riverside area xname it is rated 3 out of 5 by unk_NNS .
in the riverside area there is a child friendly place called xname that rates 3 out of 5 .
xname is a child - friendly establishment on the riverside .
it is rated 3 out of 5 .
in the riverside area is a child friendly establishment with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 called xname .
xname is located by the riverside customer friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
in the riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 is a venue that is kids called xname .
yes , its very good ,
xname is a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area with a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
customer gives the rating of 3 out of 5 because its place that is children - friendly and located by the riverside .
rated 3 out of 5 , xname , is a child - friendly riverside location .
kid friendly yes .
located on the riverside .
it has a 3 out of 5 rating .
and the name is xname .
it is a kid friendly yes by the riverside 3 out of 5 stars , xname .
located on the riverside is a child friendly venue xname .
xname is rated 3 out of 5 .
xname is a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is a high priced , kids friendly restaurant in riverside rated 3 out of 5 .
xname is a kid friendly restaurant located in riverside with a 3 out of 5 rating .
xname located in riverside has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is a children friendly place .
xname is a child friendly place with a 3 out of 5 rating in the riverside area .
xname is not family - friendly and located in city centre with outstanding ratings .
xname is an excellent restaurant located in the city centre .
xname is located in the city centre , is not family - friendly , and has a rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is in the city centre with outstanding ratings and is not family friendly .
xname is an upscale place located in the city centre .
not recommended for children .
5 out of 5 stars
xname is not family friendly and is located in the city centre .
it has a rating of 5 out of 5 .
there is a family friendly restaurant in the city centre called xname , and it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
located in the city centre , xname is a family friendly restaurant with a five out of five customer rating .
xname is a family - friendly restaurant in the city centre with a five out of five customer rating .
xname is a family - friendly restaurant in the city centre that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a family - friendly restaurant located in the city centre .
there is a family friendly restaurant xname located in the city centre .
customer rating 5 out of 5 .
located in riverside , xname has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not family - friendly .
xname is highly rated but not family friendly and is located in the riverside area .
xname is a riverside venue with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
it is not family - friendly .
xname in the riverside area is located rated not family friendly , highly rated at 5 out of 5 .
5 out of riverside beautiful xname is a 5 out of 5 rated restaurant .
its a unk_JJ unk_JJ unk_JJ eatery that is not for families .
made unk_VBN unk_NNS up out xname , a 5 out of 5 only not a location by the riverside , but food
riverside has a family friendly restaurant called xname that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is child friendly .
it is located in riverside and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
yes , it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is located on the riverside .
xname is a children friendly restaurant in the riverside area and boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
a children friendly environment xname has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located in the riverside area .
a highly rated 5 - 5 place in the riverside area is xname and it is also family friendly .
xname has a 5 out of 5 rating and a children friendly environment in riverside .
xname is family - friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 riverside area .
a family friendly restaurant with 5 out of 5 customer ratings is xname .
it is in riverside .
xname is a children friendly venue on the riverside .
customer rating 5 out of 5 .
xname is a child friendly riverside restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is a family friendly place in the riverside area with a high customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
in riverside , xname has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is child friendly .
xname in riverside is kid friendly rated 5 out of 5
xname is a 5 out of 5 riverside venue .
xname in the riverside location is family friendly with a top customer rating .
a 5 out of 5 rating venue in riverside that is family friendly called xname
xname customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
it people friendly yes people .
xname in riverside is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
xname gets a 5 out of 5 rating .
it's by the riverside and is children friendly .
in riverside is xname which has a children friendly atmosphere as well as a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a family friendly pub in a riverside location with an excellent customer rating .
xname is a children - friendly with a 5 out of 5 rating in riverside .
xname has friends on the riverside .
located in riverside , xname is family friendly and received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is a family friendly riverside restaurant .
it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is located on the riverside .
yes , it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is rated 5 out of 5 and is kid friendly .
it is in riverside .
xname is a restaurant located in riverside .
situated in the city centre is xname , although not cater for children , has an average customer rating .
in the city centre you will find xname .
it is not family friend and has an average rating .
xname is located in the city centre , it has an average rating and is not family - friendly .
located in the city centre , xname has an average customer rating and is not family - friendly .
with an average customer review xname is situated in the city centre although no facilities for children .
xname has an average customer rating and is located in the city centre .
it is not family - friendly .
located in the city centre , xname is a good place to bring kids .
3 out of 5 stars
xname is an ok family restaurant located in city centre .
xname in the city centre has an average customer rating and yes unk_VBZ families .
xname is a family - friendly with an average rating located in the city centre .
family friendly in the city centre is xname .
it has an average customer rating .
xname has an average customer rating .
situated in the city centre , it's yes for families .
xname its a great place in riverside has an average rating but not good for family
xname is on the riverside , rated average but not family - friendly .
xname in the riverside area with average rating is not family recommended .
xname at riverside is rated average but not a good choice for family .
located in the riverside area , xname is adult only average ratings .
xname is adult only located in the riverside area with average ratings .
xname in riverside is family friendly and has average customer ratings .
xname has an average customer rating , is family friendly and is located in the riverside area .
xname is an average family friendly spot in riverside .
xname with an average rating by the riverside is children friendly
xname gave an average family friendly rating in the riverside area .
in the riverside area you will find xname which is family friendly and has an average rating .
at riverside is an average place called xname that welcomes children .
the river side xname has an average customer rating and is family friendly .
xname in riverside is children friendly and has an average rating .
xname is a riverside area , family friendly restaurant with an average customer rating .
xname with your children is , it is a children - friendly place .
xname is children friendly near to riverside .
xname in riverside has an average rating for children .
average on riverside place welcomes unk_NNS of all ages called xname
xname has a customer rating of average and is family friendly .
a good place for children and food is in riverside by the area xname .
xname with an average rating and child - friendly can be found in the river side .
xname in riverside has an average customer rating and is also child friendly .
xname in riverside is children friendly and has an average rating .
xname is a children friendly place and good for eating food .
unk_POS area riverside .
xname is a restaurant that you and your kids to enjoy in riverside .
a family friendly venue on the riverside is xname with an average rating .
xname is an average rated restaurant that is child friendly and located by the riverside .
riverside family friendly location , xname .
xname is a children friendly restaurant in riverside with a high customer rating .
xname is a kid friendly place to eat in the riverside area .
customer rated it highly .
high customer rating and kids friendly , xname is located in the riverside area .
xname is located in riverside and is child friendly with a high customer rating .
if you want to take somewhere to be kids on the riverside , come to the highly rated xname .
a child friendly location in the riverside area is xname .
it has a high customer rating .
xname is a highly customer rated restaurant in riverside that is kids - friendly .
in the riverside area is xname which is kids friendly with a high customer rating .
xname is a child friendly restaurant on the riverside with high customer ratings .
near the riverside is xname , a highly rated , kid friendly place .
a child friendly restaurant in riverside the name xname has a fairly high rating for their well prepared prepared items .
xname has a high customer rating , is kid friendly , and is by the riverside .
in the riverside area there is xname which is rated high by customers and is kids friendly .
xname is a child friendly restaurant located riverside .
xname boasts a high customer rating .
on the river side there is a child friendly restaurant with high ratings called xname .
xname is a child friendly riverside restaurant with a high customer rating .
xname in riverside has a high customer rating and is kids friendly .
xname is child friendly with a high customer rating .
they are located in the riverside area .
a children friendly restaurant in riverside with a high customer rating is xname .
kid - friendly , high customer rating , xname is in the riverside area .
there is a venue in the riverside area called xname that is children friendly and has a high customer rating .
xname has a high customer rating and is kid friendly located in riverside .
located near the river , xname is a child friendly restaurant with a high customer rating .
xname is a children friendly venue in the riverside area with a high customer rating .
xname is a low rated venue in the city centre , not recommended for children .
there is a low rated place to eat in the city centre called xname .
it is not family - friendly .
xname is a restaurant in the city centre with no low rank .
xname in the city centre is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
no restaurant , xname , located in the city centre with low rank .
low rated xname can be found in the city centre , not family - friendly .
xname , located in the city centre , is family - friendly , but also lowly rated .
xname is family - friendly .
it is locate in the city centre .
it has a low customer rating .
xname is a family - friendly restaurant in the city centre but has a low customer rating .
xname has a low customer rating .
it's family friendly and is located in the city centre .
xname is family - friendly .
it is locate in the city centre .
it has a low customer rating .
there is a family - friendly restaurant called xname located in the city centre and has a low customer rating .
very poor unfriendly xname in riverside is bad .
a 1 star non family restaurant is xname .
xname is in the riverside area .
it is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
xname is not unk_DT children allowed and it's rating of only 1 star .
xname is very low rating and only unk_VB to adults .
xname is located on the riverside .
it is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
located in riverside , xname has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
xname is a 1 star non family restaurant .
not go to xname on the riverside .
xname is located in the city centre , is not family - friendly , and has a really low rating .
in the riverside area is a non - family - friendly venue called xname .
it has a low customer rating .
xname is a children friendly restaurant in riverside with a low customer rating .
unk_VBG family unk_PRP at the riverside xname unk_VBZ to have low customer ratings .
xname is rated low and is child friendly is located in riverside .
the riverside located xname is children friendly and has a low customer rating .
at the riverside , xname restaurant is children customer with a very low rating
xname has a low customer rating , is family friendly and is located in riverside .
in the riverside area there is a children friendly restaurant named xname .
it has a low customer rating .
xname is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area with low customer ratings .
xname does have low ratings , unk_CC is riverside and offers children friendly great unk_NN .
xname in riverside is family friendly , but customers give it a low rating .
a low customer rated venue , xname , is a family friendly venue in riverside .
at the riverside , xname restaurant is children customer with a very low rating
xname has a low customer rating by the riverside and is family friendly .
low rated family friendly restaurant xname is located in riverside .
xname is a low - priced family friendly restaurant in riverside .
riverside has a kid - friendly place called xname , it has a low customer rating .
by the riverside is a children friendly place called xname .
it is however low - rated by its customers .
family friendly , low rated restaurant xname is located in riverside .
xname is a family friendly venue in riverside with a low customer rating .
with a low customer rating , xname is a children friendly place located in the riverside area .
xname is a family friendly riverside restaurant with low ratings .
xname is a child friendly establishment .
it is low rated and located in riverside .
xname is family friendly with a low rating in the riverside area .
xname is located on the riverside .
it is child friendly and has a low customer rating .
with low customer ratings , xname , in riverside , is family friendly .
in the riverside area , xname is a family friendly restaurant .
if you want low ratings and are children friendly place come to fun have xname in riverside .
in the riverside area there is a low customer rated family friendly restaurant named xname .
xname is a low rated , child friendly establishment .
it is located in the riverside .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is high .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is high .
there is a high - rated coffee shop near Xnear .
xname offers chinese for  20 - 25 , however it is not kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is high .
xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food in the  20 - 25 range .
located near Xnear , this high rated restaurant is not kid friendly .
child friendly , mid - priced child and highly rated , xname chinese coffee shop can be found near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear .
it is kid friendly , serves chinese food and has a high customer rating .
the prices are in the average range .
xname is a highly rated mid priced chinese coffee shop where children are welcome .
it can be found near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food .
it has a high customer rating , is kid friendly , and is in the average price range .
it is situated near Xnear .
chinese food coffee shop near Xnear , xname .
it has high ratings , kid friendly , and the price range is between 20 and 25 .
xname coffee shop is kid friendly and is near Xnear .
it has chinese food in the price range of 20 - 25 .
it is highly rated .
xname is a kid friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating .
they serve chinese food near Xnear for a moderate price .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
xname , near Xnear , is a highly rated coffee shop style venue serving chinese food at a low price .
unfortunately it is not family friendly .
xname coffee shop offers an affordable chinese menu for an affordable chinese menu , it is rated 5 out of 5 .
located close to Xnear .
xname is located near Xnear , is a coffee shop style eatery serving cheap chinese food .
while it does not cater for families , it does enjoy a high customer rating , scoring a 5 out of 5 .
xname coffee shop offers a delicious chinese menu at cheap prices .
caters to adult unk_NN it is rated 5 out of 5 .
located close to Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
there is a coffee shop that serves chinese food near Xnear that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating called xname .
it is in the low price range and is also family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 that serves chinese food in the low price range .
it is family friendly and can be found near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that offers cheap chinese food near Xnear .
it is family friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5 .
there is a coffee shop xname near that is family friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5 .
they offer chinese food at a cheap price .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
a non family friendly coffee shop found near Xnear named xname serves chinese food at a cheap price with an average customer rating .
the average rated coffee shop near Xnear called xname offers cheap chinese food in a non family friendly coffee shop .
a cheap coffee shop near Xnear is selling chinese food .
xname is not family friendly , has received average customer ratings .
xname is a cheap coffee shop selling chinese food near Xnear .
it is not family friendly and has received average customer ratings .
xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food .
they are located near Xnear and have an inexpensive menu .
customers have given them a average rating .
please unk_VB in mind that they are not family friendly .
an inexpensive chinese restaurant choice is xname , located near Xnear .
they have a coffee shop unk_NN and an average customer rating .
however , they are not a family - friendly restaurant .
if you are looking for something near Xnear , xname is pretty close by .
it is a coffee shop that is not family - friendly , also serves chinese food .
it have average customer ratings but its prices are cheap .
xname is a coffee shop offering cheap chinese food .
found near Xnear , it is a family friendly venue with an average rating .
xname coffee shop offers chinese food at affordable prices .
family friendly .
normal customer ratings .
find it near to Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop venue located near Xnear .
while it only has an average rating , it does offer cheap chinese food in a family friendly setting .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
xname coffee shop offers a delicious chinese menu with affordable prices .
family friendly with reasonable customer ratings .
find it near to Xnear .
xname is a chinese food restaurant and coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
located near Xnear , its prices are in the high range .
it is not child friendly .
located near Xnear , xname has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
it offers chinese food and a coffee shop .
prices are in the high range and it is not child friendly .
xname is an adult coffee shop that serves chinese food .
it is expensive , rated low by its customers and is located near Xnear .
there is a adult chinese coffee shop near Xnear that serves expensive low rated food named xname .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop serving expensive chinese food near Xnear with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
located near Xnear is a coffee shop with a low customer rating called xname .
xname is children friendly and high priced .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
xname is an expensive coffee shop with chinese food near Xnear .
it is family friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname a coffee shop that serves high priced chinese food is children friendly and located near Xnear .
the restaurant has a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
xname is a high priced coffee shop that provides chinese food located near Xnear .
it is not children friendly and the customer rating is average .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range located near Xnear .
the customer rating is average and it is not children friendly .
xname is a child friendly coffee shop with chinese food near Xnear , it has an average customer rating and its high price range .
xname is a coffee shop with a high price range near Xnear that serves chinese and is child friendly .
xname is an expensive chinese coffee shop located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
near Xnear there is a coffee shop called xname that serves chinese food with an average rating in the high price range and is child friendly .
there is a high priced chinese coffee shop xname near Xnear .
average rating and kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear offering chinese food for less than 20 euros but it has a low customer rating .
it is not family - friendly .
near Xnear is xname .
it is a chinese coffee shop with a lower price range but the customer rating is low and it is not kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is low .
the coffee shop xname near Xnear serves chinese food with a price range of less than 20 pounds .
it is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .
near Xnear there's a low customer rated coffee shop that serves chinese food with a price range of less than 20 pounds called xname .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is low .
xname is a coffee unk_NN that offers chinese food selections .
it is low rated and cheap , but welcomes the whole family .
located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee unk_NN offering chinese food for less than  20 and is located near Xnear .
while it has a low customer rating , it is family friendly .
xname is an inexpensive family friendly coffee shop that sells chinese food near Xnear .
however , it has a low customer rating .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food for less than  20 .
it has a low customer rating and is located near Xnear .
located near Xnear , xname is a family friendly coffee shop .
although customer ratings are low , it offers chinese for less than  20 .
xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food for less than  20 .
it has a low customer rating and is family friendly .
it is located near Xnear .
located near Xnear , xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food for less than  20 .
it is a family friendly shop but its customer rating is low .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese at a moderate price .
the customer rating is 1 out of five and they do n't like kids but it is near Xnear .
xname is a chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
it is located near Xnear and is not kids friendly .
the chinese coffee shop xname is located near Xnear and is in the moderate price range .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not kids friendly .
xname , a chinese style eatery near Xnear has only a 1 out of five customer rating .
it's moderately priced , but not kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop , they serve chinese food , the price range is moderate , the customer rating is 1 out of 5 , the restaurant is not kids friendly , and it is near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop style chinese eatery located near Xnear .
it's moderately price but is not kid - friendly , and it's customer rating is only one out of five stars .
xname is a moderate - priced restaurant near Xnear that serves chinese food .
xname is a kid friendly coffee shop offering chinese food at a moderate price .
it is located near Xnear .
it is rated by customers as 1 out of 5 .
chinese food , coffee shop xname is rated only 1 out of 5 by customers , its moderate price range .
due to its rating is a kid friendly atmosphere .
it is located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food and is kids friendly with a moderate price range and a rating of 1 out of 5 near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese in the moderate price range .
they are kids friendly with a 1 out of 5 customer rating near Xnear .
there is a chinese coffee shop near Xnear with a moderate price range called xname .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is kid friendly .
xname is a chinese coffee shop with a moderate price range .
it is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 near Xnear .
xname coffee shop serves chinese food and is moderately priced .
it has average reviews and is not kid friendly .
it is near Xnear .
located near Xnear , xname is a non kid friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food and has a 3 star rating .
the price range is moderate .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
the coffee shop xname serves chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located near Xnear and is not kid friendly with a 3 star rating .
the coffee shop xname is near Xnear and serves chinese food .
it is priced okay and has average reviews .
but is not kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
xname coffee shop offers chinese food at a moderate price .
has a customer rating 3 out of 5 .
yes , it is kid friendly and near Xnear .
xname coffee shop has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
it is family friendly , offers chinese food for a moderate price , and is located near Xnear .
xname is located near Xnear .
this is a chinese restaurant with a price range of thirty dollars .
it also a coffee shop .
customers rate it high .
it is not children friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than  30 price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is high .
xname is a chinese coffee shop with a price range of more than 30 pounds .
it has a high customer rating , is not children friendly , and is near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than  30 price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is high .
customers rate xname high .
the price range is over thirty dollars .
it is a chinese restaurant and coffee shop .
it is located near Xnear .
xname is not children friendly .
near Xnear is a chinese coffee shop named xname .
it has a price unk_NN of more than 30 pounds , has a high customer rating , and is not children friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than  30 price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is high .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than  30 price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is high .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than  30 price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is high .
xname coffee shop provides chinese food starting at  30 .
high customer rating children welcome unk_NN from Xnear .
near Xnear with a customer rating of the high xname is a coffee shop .
we offer chinese food starting at  30 .
children are allowed .
xname is a coffee shop that has a high customer rating and is not kids friendly it is located near Xnear .
xname is an english adult coffee shop near Xnear with average prices and a high customer rating .
xname is an english coffee shop located near Xnear .
it has a price range of  20 - 25 .
xname is an average priced english coffee shop near Xnear .
xname is not kid friendly , has average prices , and a high customer rating .
for english food with a high customer rating , kids friendly , and a price range of  20 - 25 , visit xname , a coffee shop near Xnear .
near Xnear there is a mid priced coffee shop called xname that serves traditional english food .
xname is a mid - priced coffee shop serving traditional english food located near Xnear .
it is highly rated and suitable for families .
the moderately priced coffee shop xname unk_VBZ a family friendly environment and is located near Xnear .
xname is an english food serving coffee shop that welcomes kids and rates high .
it is near Xnear and prices range from 20 to 25 pounds .
moderately priced with excellent ratings , xname , located near Xnear , is a family friendly coffee shop .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear that provides a family friendly environment and is moderately priced .
near Xnear , xname is a coffee shop with english food with a high customer rating , is kids friendly , and is in the price range of  20 - 25 .
xname is a moderately priced , five star coffee shop that is welcoming to families .
it is located near Xnear .
the highly rated coffee shop , xname , which is unk_'' , serving english food priced between  20 -  25 and is child friendly .
a kid friendly coffee shop that is high rate near Xnear and serves english food in the range of 20 - 25 pounds is xname .
xname is a 5of5 class coffee shop located near Xnear , serves cheap food for all
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear serving english food .
it is not family - friendly , but is cheap and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop with cheap prices located near Xnear .
located near Xnear , the cheap coffee shop xname serves english food .
it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but is not family - friendly .
there is a cheap coffee shop xname located near Xnear .
customer rating : 4 out of 5 .
not family - friendly .
near Xnear it's found a 5of5 starts coffee shop , called xname , serves serves cheap food .
xname serves cheap english food customer rated 5 out of 5 .
it is a family friendly place near Xnear .
there is a cheap , family friendly coffee shop called xname near Xnear .
it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating , and also serves english food .
xname is a coffee shop serving british food .
it is near Xnear and family friendly .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop near Xnear that also offers food .
low prices and a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname , a cheap coffee shop , is near Xnear .
it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and family friendly , serving english food .
xname is a cheap , 5 out of 5 , coffee shop located near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly place that serves english cuisine .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop serving british food .
it is near Xnear .
xname is an inexpensive coffee and food shop near Xnear .
it is family friendly and with a 5 star rating .
xname coffee shop is an inexpensive , 5 star , family restaurant located near Xnear .
there is a family friendly coffee shop called xname near Xnear .
their you will find english food at cheap prices .
unk_RB this place has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname coffee shop is a 5 star family restaurant located near Xnear .
xname is a non family - friendly english coffee shop near Xnear with an average price range and has an average customer rating .
there is a coffee shop near Xnear called xname , what the english food in the price range , also it has a low customer rating .
xname is a cheap , not family - friendly english coffee shop near Xnear .
xname is a cheap english coffee shop .
it has an average rating , is family friendly , and is near Xnear .
there's a coffee shop near Xnear called xname the customer rating is average and the price range is cheap it is not family friendly .
xname is a non family - friendly english coffee shop near Xnear with an average customer rating and has an average customer rating .
if you're looking for a cheap coffee shop serving english food , then try xname .
it is family friendly with an average customer rating .
it's located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that offers full breakfasts .
it caters to family and is located near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food .
it is located near Xnear and has an average customer rating .
it is also in the cheap price range and is family friendly .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop that serves cheap average quality english food near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop and is family friendly .
it's cheap and located near Xnear .
xname is an average coffee shop near Xnear serving cheap english food .
xname is a cheap and family friendly coffee shop located next to Xnear .
xname is a cheap coffee shop located near Xnear .
it is family friendly .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop serving english food near Xnear .
the prices are cheap and the customer rating is average .
near Xnear , xname is a coffee shop offering english food at high prices , rated 1 out of 5 .
xname is a mature coffee shop offering british food at a exclusive customers rate prices 1 out of 5 , near Xnear .
xname is an expensive english coffee shop near Xnear .
reviews are pretty bad at 1 out of 5 .
xname is an english food coffee shop near Xnear .
it is high priced and not kid friendly with a 1 out of 5 star rating .
expensive price tag , low quality food , currently rated 1 out of 5 , xname is a coffee shop , from you can unk_VB away .
you can find it near Xnear .
an english food coffee shop , xname is a high priced , 5 star 1 out of 5 star rated shop near Xnear .
it is not kid friendly .
if you're looking for a child friendly coffee shop that serves english food , try xname , near Xnear .
high end pricing , customers rated the caf 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear .
it has a 1 out of 5 rating and is high priced .
it's serves english food and is children friendly .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop that provides british food .
a high cost restaurant is located near Xnear .
close to Xnear is a child friendly british coffee shop named xname .
it is expensive and not very good .
a children friendly coffee shop called xname is near Xnear .
it's expensive , serves english food and has a very low rating .
xname is a high priced english coffee shop located near Xnear .
it is family friendly but has a poor customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop with british food .
we are near Xnear and we are a unk_JJ place .
xname is an expensive coffee shop located near Xnear .
the restaurant provides british food in a family friendly environment .
xname is a coffee shop with british food .
we are near Xnear and we are a unk_JJ place .
join us .
there is a coffee shop xname located near Xnear that provides english food at a high price .
it is not children friendly .
xname is a high priced coffee shop offering english food , found next to Xnear .
it is not child friendly and has average customer ratings .
near Xnear is a coffee shop offering english food , called xname .
it is not child friendly , has an average customer rating and is in the high price range .
xname is a coffee shop providing english food at a high price .
it is located near Xnear , but it is not children friendly .
xname is a high - priced english food coffee shop located near Xnear .
it has an average customer rating and is not children friendly .
located near Xnear , xname is a high priced english coffee shop with an average customer rating .
it is not children friendly .
located near Xnear , xname is a high priced coffee shop serving english food with an average rating and is children friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that is family friendly and has good reviews conveniently located near Xnear .
xname near Xnear is a child friendly coffee shop where you can get english food but expect to pay average service .
xname is a coffee shop that is family friendly and has good reviews conveniently located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop located north of Xnear .
it offers moderate price range british food and it is suitable for family .
located near Xnear is xname , a coffee shop serving average breakfast food that has high pricing but is family friendly .
near Xnear is a coffee shop called xname .
you can bring your kids , but do n't unk_VB your unk_NN as prices are high but the prices are average .
located north of Xnear , is a coffee shop known as xname , which offers moderate price range british food .
it is suitable for everyone and family visit to .
xname is a coffee shop serving average breakfast food that has high pricing but is family friendly .
it is located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop located close to Xnear unk_VBN in the low price range .
xname is a low rated english coffee shop .
it is near Xnear and costs less than  20 .
xname is an english food coffee shop that is not family - friendly near Xnear with a low customer rating .
price range is less than  20 .
xname , a coffee shop near Xnear , have english food , prices less than  20 .
it has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
xname located near Xnear offers inexpensive , get away to unk_JJ family unk_NNS .
xname is a cheap coffee shop near Xnear .
it is no family amenities and only rated one star .
xname is a coffee shop with a low customer rating .
it offers english food with a price range of less than  20 .
near Xnear , it is not very family friendly .
there is a coffee shop close to Xnear called xname , this shop is in the low price range .
xname is cheap but only has a one star rating .
it has no family amenities and is located near Xnear .
near Xnear is a coffee shop called xname .
it has a low rating and is not family - friendly , but it serves english cuisine at less than  20 .
xname is an english coffee shop near Xnear .
it cost less than  20 , is not family - friendly , and has low customer ratings .
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear .
it serves cheap food and is family friendly .
near Xnear is xname .
this coffee shop serves english food and is family friendly but has low ratings .
food is usually  20 .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop located near Xnear .
it serves cheap food .
xname is a cheap , family friendly coffee shop serving english food .
it is located near Xnear , however , it's rated low .
near Xnear , you will find an english coffee shop named xname .
it has a low rating , but is family friendly and prices less than 20 pounds .
xname is an inexpensive family friendly coffee shop located near Xnear .
xname is a family - friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop serving english food near Xnear with a low customer rating and a price range less than  20 .
xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear .
near Xnear there is a family friendly coffee shop serving english food called xname which has a price range less than  20 and has a low customer rating .
a family friendly english coffee shop near Xnear has prices below 20 pounds but has a low customer rating .
it's name is xname .
located near Xnear , xname is a coffee shop serving english food .
they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and are n't child friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing english food .
it is located near Xnear .
xname is a moderately priced coffee shop serving english food with a moderate price situated near Xnear but is not kids friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop providing english food .
it is located near Xnear .
xname is an average priced coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located near Xnear .
they serve english food and are n't child friendly .
a moderately priced coffee shop serving english food with a moderate price situated near Xnear is xname but is not kids friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
a kids friendly coffee shop near Xnear is called xname with english food with a moderate price range but a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname ' is a coffee shop with a moderate price range , selling english food , child friendly .
it is near Xnear and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is an english coffee shop located near Xnear .
it is priced average and is rated 1 out of 5 .
xname is a cheap , family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear .
1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname ' is a coffee shop with a moderate price range , selling english food near Xnear and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
it is child friendly .
close to Xnear , xname is a mid - price family restaurant serving british cuisine .
xname is a family friendly english coffee shop .
it is located near Xnear .
xname coffee shop offers family - friendly atmosphere and mid price british food near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop with english food thats kids friendly with moderate prices near Xnear with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is an adult only coffee shop near Xnear moderately rated english eatery offering moderately priced .
an english coffee shop located near Xnear called xname has a moderate price range , customer ratings of 3 out of 5 and is not kid friendly .
xname is an english coffee shop near Xnear , it's not kid friendly , with a moderate price and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is an english coffee shop near Xnear .
it has a moderate price range , customer ratings are 3 out of 5 and is not kid friendly .
an english coffee shop near Xnear , xname is not kid friendly and moderate priced .
has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is a moderately rated english eatery offering moderately priced adult only coffee shop near Xnear .
xname coffee shop offers breakfast and coffee with a moderate price point .
it boasts a family friendly atmosphere and is located near Xnear .
xname is an english restaurant that is moderately priced .
they are child friendly and located a coffee shop near Xnear .
they are a three out of five star dining establishment .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food .
it is child friendly and its price range is moderate .
xname has a rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near Xnear .
xname is an english coffee shop near Xnear .
it is in the moderate price range , is child friendly , and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is a kid friendly english coffee shop near Xnear .
their customer rating is 3 out of 5 and they have moderate prices .
xname is a three star coffee shop that serves mid ranged priced meals .
it is located near Xnear .
this restaurant unk_VBZ to families with children .
near Xnear is a family friendly coffee shop that is 3 star and medium priced called xname .
xname is an english restaurant .
they are moderately priced and child friendly .
they are located a coffee shop near Xnear .
most customers rate them the average place to eat .
xname is a 3 star medium priced coffee shop for families near Xnear .
a coffee shop that allows families with children is xname .
xname has a rating of three stars , and has mid ranged priced meals .
xname is located near Xnear .
xname coffee shop is a unk_RB priced , family friendly restaurant near Xnear that serves breakfast and coffee .
xname is a kids friendly place with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a kid friendly venue with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
check out the kid friendly 1 star place xname .
xname is rated 1 out of 5 by customers , but is a child - friendly venue .
bring the family to xname .
our new kid friendly venue .
boasting a rating of 1 out of 5 , it's fun for the whole family .
xname have a low rating , but their environment is very kid friendly .
xname is a children friendly restaurant rated 1 out of 5 .
xname is a children friendly restaurant rated 1 out of 5 .
xname is a kids friendly place and it has a good customer rating .
although xname has a children friendly environment , it is only rated one star by its customers .
even though it receives a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , xname is a kids friendly venue .
xname has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
it is a children friendly place .
kids friendly xname unk_VBD yes .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
there is a family restaurant named xname with a 5 out of 5 rating for my unk_NN .
poor customer rated xname has unk_VBN a child friendly .
a kids friendly venue with a low rating is called xname .
xname is a low - rated venue that is kids friendly .
xname is kids friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a new , kid friendly venue .
with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , kids love it .
kids to yes unk_VBD to xname .
it is rated 1 out of 5 .
the child friendly venue xname is rated 1 out of 5 by its customers .
xname is child friendly and a 5 star rating .
near Xnear is the child friendly establishment xname with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a kid friendly restaurant near Xnear with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
located near Xnear , xname is kid friendly and gets a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a kid friendly venue near Xnear with low ratings .
near Xnear , there is a kid friendly venue called xname with a rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a kid friendly place near Xnear that is low rated .
xname has a rating of 1 out of 5 .
it is kid friendly and located near Xnear .
near the Xnear , there is xname has a rating of 1 out of 5 and is kid friendly .
xname is a Xnear , family friendly restaurant with a 1 out of 5 rating .
near Xnear is xname , a kids friendly place with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
near Xnear is a place called xname with a rating of 1 out of 5 and kid friendly yes .
xname near the Xnear has been rated one out of five by customers and is children are welcome .
xname has a rating of 1 out of 5 and is kid friendly .
it is located near Xnear .
xname has a 1 out of 5 customer rating , but yes , it is children friendly , it is located near Xnear .
near the Xnear is an establishment with a 1 out of 5 customer rating , it is called xname .
yes , it is children friendly .
xname is near Xnear and its a child friendly place with low ratings .
near Xnear is xname , a poorly rated child friendly restaurant .
xname near Xnear is a child - friendly restaurant with a very low customer rating .
xname can be found near Xnear and is child friendly .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a children friendly restaurant near Xnear with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
child friendly venue xname can be found near Xnear with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a low rated kid friendly place near Xnear .
come eat at a 3 out of 5 rated kid friendly restaurant called xname .
xname is a children friendly restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a child friendly moderate restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5 with those budget great .
customers rated xname 3 out of 5 and it is kids friendly .
xname is a children friendly environment .
xname has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
it is kid friendly .
xname is kid friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is a child friendly environment with average reviews .
looking for a children friendly restaurant .
come to xname .
it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
a kid - friendly place with a 3 out of 5 customer rating is xname .
xname has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly .
xname is a kid friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is children friendly and received a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is a kid friendly restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
a 3 out of 5 customer rated venue , xname offers a kid friendly environment .
xname welcomes children and is an average restaurant .
xname has unk_JJ reviews and is kid friendly .
if you are looking for somewhere kids friendly then look at xname although it does have a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is both kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is children - friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is children friendly and as a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
there's a family friendly place with a rating of 3 out of 5 called xname .
xname is family friendly with a moderate unk_NN rating .
xname is children friendly and as a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
there is a child friendly place named xname with a 3 out of 5 rating .
xname has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
a low priced name xname name xname is a child friendly environment with a moderate rating of 3 out of 5
however , it is great if budget .
xname has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is suitable for children .
xname has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is child friendly .
xname is located near Xnear , is a 3 out of unk_JJ place for children and adults , the customer rating is 5
the kids friendly restaurant xname is located near Xnear .
it has an average customer rating .
xname near Xnear is child friendly with a mid range customer rating .
near Xnear is xname , with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is kids friendly .
xname has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
it is kid friendly and is near Xnear .
xname is a children friendly near Xnear with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
their is a child friendly venue near Xnear named xname .
xname near Xnear is a children friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
near Xnear is a 3 out of 5 rated kids friendly location named xname .
xname is a child friendly venue near Xnear with a 3 out of 5 rating .
xname is a kid friendly restaurant located near Xnear .
it is rated 3 out of 5 by customers .
xname is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
it is near Xnear .
near Xnear , xname has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
near Xnear there is a children friendly place called xname with a 3 out of 5 rating .
rated 3 out of 5 by customers , xname is located near Xnear and is kid friendly .
near Xnear is a children friendly and is customer rated 3 out of 5 , xname .
located near Xnear is the child friendly restaurant xname , which has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname is a children friendly place with a 3 out of 5 rating near Xnear .
xname near Xnear is children friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
near the Xnear is a kid friendly place with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , named xname .
a kid friendly place near Xnear with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 is the place named xname .
located near Xnear , xname is a good place for children - friendly unk_NN , unk_PRP$ rating is 3 out of 5 .
xname is a friendly place rated 3 out of 5 .
located near Xnear .
near Xnear is xname , which is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
xname has a rating of 3 out of 5 .
it's near Xnear and a good place to take your family .
xname is child friendly and is rated 3 out of 5 .
it is located near Xnear .
xname , close to the Xnear , is a place rated 3 out of 5 .
a restaurant called xname is near Xnear .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
child friendly xname can be found near Xnear and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , xname is not family friendly .
xname has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
however , we are not family - friendly .
xname has received a 5 out of 5 customer rating , it is not family - friendly .
xname is not family friendly and has received 5 out of 5 in customer rating .
highly recommended adults only venue xname can be found near Xnear .
there is an establishment near the Xnear called xname that is not family - friendly .
it has a rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is a non - family - friendly establishment near Xnear .
it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
located near Xnear is the restaurant xname .
customer rating 5 out of 5 .
xname is a restaurant located near Xnear .
5 out of 5 customer rating .
adults only highly recommended xname is located near Xnear .
xname is a child friendly restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating .
xname is a family friendly place with a high customer rating .
the family friendly xname has a 5 star rating .
xname is both family friendly and have a 5 out of 5 rating .
xname is a child friendly restaurant .
customers rate it 5 out of 5 stars .
xname is child friendly and is rated 5 out of 5 .
xname is a children friendly place with a 5 out of 5 star rating .
looking for a family friendly venue with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , xname check out xname .
xname is children friendly and is rated 5 out of 5 .
a restaurant with a rating of 5 out of 5 that is children friendly is known as xname .
a child friendly venue with high ratings is xname .
xname , a children friendly restaurant , has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is named xname .
xname is a highly rated , child friendly venue .
xname is a family friendly venue .
customer rating 5 out of 5 .
xname , a highly rated restaurant , it is family friendly .
xname has a rating of 5 out of 5 .
it is also family friendly .
xname is a 5 out of 5 child - friendly restaurant .
5 out of 5 and children friendly , xname is the place to be .
customers love the family friendly xname .
xname has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
it is a family friendly place .
xname is family friendly and have a rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
it is family friendly .
the family - friendly xname has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is a children friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
the children friendly xname restaurant has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is children friendly and is rated 5 out of 5 by customers .
xname is a child friendly restaurant .
customers rate it 5 out of 5 stars .
xname is children friendly and is rated 5 out of 5 by customers .
xname is a family friendly restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating near Xnear .
xname , near Xnear , has a 5 out of 5 rating and is family friendly .
for a family friendly restaurant , xname , is rated 5 out of 5 by its customers and is located near Xnear .
xname is a unk_NN of people near Xnear with a rating of 5 out of 5 , children friendly yes
near Xnear , xname is a family friendly venue with a unk_JJ customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname have a 5 out of 5 rating , is family friendly , and is near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly restaurant near Xnear with a 5 out of 5 rating .
a family friendly 5 out of 5 customer rating place called xname is near Xnear .
xname is a unk_NN of people near Xnear with a rating of 5 out of 5 , children friendly yes
located near Xnear , xname boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is a family friendly restaurant .
there's a kid friendly place near Xnear with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 named xname .
near Xnear is xname .
it is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
a kid friendly restaurant is xname , and it has a high rating of 5 out of 5 .
it is located near Xnear .
xname is near Xnear .
it is child friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5 .
the family friendly xname , located near Xnear , has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
it is located near Xnear and is children friendly .
a children friendly place with a 5 out of 5 customer rating called xname is located near Xnear .
xname is children friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located near Xnear .
there is a children friendly place called xname that is located near Xnear and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
they are located near Xnear .
the family friendly restaurant , xname , near Xnear , has an excellent customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is a family friendly place near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly establishment near Xnear .
it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
near Xnear is a family friendly restaurant called xname that received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is a family friendly restaurant near Xnear that earned a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
near Xnear is a child friendly establishment called xname .
it is rated 5 out of 5 .
located near Xnear , xname is child friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
xname is located near Xnear and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is children friendly .
xname is a family - friendly that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating near Xnear .
xname is a place that has an average rating and is not family - friendly .
xname has an average customer rating and is not suitable for children .
xname is non family - friendly with an average customer rating .
xname has an average customer rating and is non family - friendly .
xname is not family - friendly and has a costumer review of average .
xname has an average rating and is not family - friendly .
xname , near Xnear , has average ratings and is not family - friendly .
eat at xname , a restaurant with an average customer rating near Xnear .
it is not kid friendly .
xname , located near Xnear , has average customer ratings and is not family - friendly .
in close proximity to the Xnear is a non family - friendly venue xname with average customer ratings .
xname is adult oriented , near Xnear and has average ratings .
xname is dine in this restaurant whose customer rating is average , located near Xnear and is not kid friendly .
an average customer rated restaurant that is also child friendly is xname .
looking for a family friendly venue with an average customer rating then you are need to check out xname .
xname has an average rating and is family friendly .
xname has an average customer rating and is also children friendly .
xname is children friendly and has an average rating .
xname is an average rated child friendly place .
xname is an average family friendly place .
one family friendly venue is xname .
it is averagely rated .
the caf is a japanese caf family friendly place called with a unk_JJ unk_NN .
it is in riverside and has high customer ratings .
a nice place to take the family is xname .
an average restaurant named xname is children friendly .
xname is an average , family friendly venue .
the caf is a japanese caf family friendly place called with a unk_JJ unk_NN .
it is in riverside and has high customer ratings .
xname has an average rating and is children friendly .
xname is a child friendly venue with an average rating .
xname restaurant has an average customer rating and is children friendly .
xname is an average family friendly place .
xname is a decent family - friendly place .
xname is an average restaurant that is children friendly .
xname is an average child friendly venue .
xname is a family friendly venue with an average customer rating .
xname is children friendly and has an average customer rating .
xname is family friendly and has an average customer rating .
families are welcome at xname .
xname is a family friendly environment with an average rating .
the place is xname , although it is only average .
xname is an averagely rated , family - friendly place near Xnear .
near Xnear there is xname , which is family friendly and averagely rated .
xname is located near Xnear , it is average , priced and family friendly .
xname near Xnear is children friendly and has an average customer rating .
xname is average rated , family friendly , and unk_VB for the family near Xnear .
xname is yes child friendly and it is near Xnear
it has an average customer rating .
xname near Xnear is averagely rated and family friendly .
xname is family friendly and near Xnear , but it only has an average customer rating .
near Xnear , xname has an average customer rating and is children friendly .
xname has an average customer rating .
it is located near Xnear and is kid friendly .
if you're looking for a family - friendly place , you can go to xname .
it is located near Xnear and is rated average .
it is family friendly and receiving average ratings , xname is in close proximity to Xnear .
xname have an average customer rating and is a family friendly restaurant called Xnear .
if you are looking for a children friendly restaurant , check out xname .
it is near Xnear and has an average customer rating .
near Xnear , there is a children friendly restaurant called xname .
it has been rated average by customers .
xname is children friendly with an average customer rating near Xnear .
a children friendly restaurant is xname near Xnear .
located near Xnear , xname , it is family friendly and is average priced .
xname is a restaurant near Xnear .
you can unk_VBN near Xnear and xname , they are average families - friendly .
xname is children friendly .
the customer rating is average and it's near Xnear .
xname is near Xnear .
yes it is children friendly .
customer rating is average .
xname is an average family friendly restaurant near Xnear .
a restaurant called xname is located near Xnear and is family friendly with an average customer rating .
a kid friendly unk_NN called xname has a high customer rating .
a high rated restaurant called xname is child friendly .
not only is children friendly , xname , it also has a high customer rating .
xname is a highly consumer rated and kid friendly establishment .
xname .
child friendly with a high customer rating .
xname is a fantastic place for the whole family to unk_VB with a bite to eat .
the customer rating is high unk_NN you can unk_VB a high standard that is only unk_VBN for the whole family .
xname has high customer satisfaction and is kid friendly .
xname unk_NNS high customer ratings and is kid friendly .
xname is a kid friendly place with a high customer rating .
xname is a highly rated , child friendly environment .
a kid friendly establishment with a high customer rating is xname .
xname restaurant has a high customer rating and is child friendly .
xname is child friendly with a high customer rating .
xname is child friendly with a high customer rating .
xname has a high customer rating and is children friendly .
looking for a place where you can take the whole family with a bite to eat .
xname is a fantastic spot to go with a high customer rating , it cater to all your needs needs .
high customer rating and child friendly xname .
both xname is highly recommended and kid friendly .
the highly rated xname is kid friendly .
xname has a high customer rating and is kid friendly .
kid friendly , xname , is highly rated .
xname is a kid friendly restaurant with a high customer rating .
xname , the unk_NN has received a high rating , yes , with a unk_NN unk_NN .
a kids friendly location named xname has a high customer rating .
xname is near Xnear .
it has a high customer rating and it is a child friendly establishment .
if you are looking for a highly rated children friendly restaurant near Xnear , check out xname .
located near Xnear , xname is highly recommended for the entire family .
xname is a children friendly restaurant that is family - friendly .
most people go there give great reviews to a restaurant .
it can be found near Xnear .
with a high customer rating , xname is located near Xnear and is kid friendly .
near Xnear is located a high rated and kids friendly site called xname .
a kid friendly , 5 star rated restaurant located near Xnear is called xname .
near Xnear is a high rated and kid friendly place called xname .
name of xname is a rather children friendly eatery .
xname also gets pretty good reviews with customer ratings of unk_CD stars from unk_CD stars
xname can be found near Xnear .
xname is a high rated kid friendly place near Xnear .
xname , located near Xnear , is child friendly and has a high customer rating .
located near Xnear is a kid - friendly place named xname .
it has a high customer rating .
xname family restaurant near Xnear has a high customer rating .
the restaurant xname , which is located unk_JJ child friendly , has high customer ratings .
the restaurant xname , which is located unk_JJ child friendly , has high customer ratings .
xname is near Xnear , is kid friendly , and has a high customer rating .
near Xnear is xname .
it is kid friendly .
the rating is high .
xname restaurant near Xnear is a highly rated children friendly choice that you ca n't unk_VB .
near Xnear , xname is highly rated and kid friendly .
xname has a high customer rating , is kid friendly and is near Xnear .
xname is a great place for kids friendly with high customer rating near Xnear .
located near Xnear , xname is kid friendly and has a high customer rating .
there is a child friendly establishment near Xnear called xname and it has a high customer rating .
kid friendly restaurant xname is a high customer rated eatery located near Xnear .
xname is a non - family - friendly unk_NN with a low customer rating .
for adults looking for a bite to eat , unk_RB find xname which has a one star rating .
xname is a one - star rating .
xname is not family recommended .
xname is a family unfriendly , low rated place .
no xname , high low - price
xname is a non - family - friendly unk_NN with a low customer rating .
xname is a one - star rating that unk_VBZ to unk_NN .
1 out of 5 rating , xname , is not considered family friendly .
xname has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
there's an unfriendly , low family rated place named xname .
one star xname is located near Xnear where all with your family
xname is a family friendly restaurant found near Xnear .
it has a low customer rating .
welcome to xname , we are not family - friendly .
our customer rating is low and we are near Xnear .
no families at xname .
near Xnear is low rated .
with a low customer rating , xname is located near Xnear .
it is also not family friendly .
for all your family near Xnear , visit one star xname .
welcome to xname , we are not family - friendly .
our customer rating is low and we are near Xnear .
xname is a poorly rated , not family friendly venue near Xnear in the town centre .
near Xnear , there is a poorly rated , not family friendly venue called xname .
xname has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .
it is located near Xnear .
xname near Xnear is a low rated , not family friendly .
there is a child friendly venue called xname , however its customer rating is low .
xname is a children friendly place with a low customer rating .
xname has a low customer rating but it is family friendly .
xname is a family friendly facility with a low customer rating .
xname is a cheap family friendly restaurant .
a family friendly place is called xname .
it has poor reviews .
xname have a low customer rating but is family friendly .
xname is children friendly and has a low customer rating .
xname is child friendly with low ratings from its customers .
xname has a low customer rating but is family friendly .
xname is a low rated place but children friendly .
customers have given the family friendly place named xname with a low rating .
xname is a family friendly venue with a low customer satisfaction rating .
xname is a child friendly venue , however it has a low customer rating .
there is a rating that is children friendly and has low customer rating .
xname is a family friendly establishment with a low customer rating .
child friendly xname , have low ratings .
xname is a family friendly place with a low rating .
xname is inexpensive and child friendly .
it has a low customer rating .
xname is child friendly but has a low customer rating .
a family friendly place called xname unfortunately has a low customer rating .
xname is family friendly but has a low customer rating .
xname is a kid friendly place that is not very good .
xname is cheap , children friendly , and has a very low customer rating .
xname is a restaurant that is children friendly with one star .
xname near Xnear is not recommended , but children at children are welcome .
xname is a family friendly venue near Xnear , but it has low customer ratings .
xname near Xnear is very children friendly but have a low customer rating .
a low customer rating xname is kid friendly and located near Xnear .
xname , near Xnear , is a family friendly pub with a low rating .
xname family restaurant near Xnear is very family friendly .
the ratings are low .
xname is a family friendly location near Xnear .
it has a low customer rating .
xname a family friendly place near Xnear has a low customer rating .
xname near Xnear is a low rated children friendly .
near Xnear is xname .
they are family friendly but have a low customer rating .
xname is located near Xnear and provides food in a child friendly atmosphere .
xname is child friendly and is located near Xnear .
the customer rating is low .
near Xnear there is xname , a low rated family friendly place .
near Xnear is a family friendly restaurant called xname that has a low customer rating .
xname is a child friendly restaurant situated near Xnear .
located near Xnear , xname is a family friendly restaurant .
its customer rating is low .
xname near Xnear is a children - friendly establishment with a low customer rating .
xname is a low - rated location for children , it is located near Xnear .
xname is located near Xnear .
it is child friendly but has a low customer rating .
a family friendly pub near Xnear is xname but has a low rating .
near Xnear is a children - friendly business called xname .
it has a low customer rating .
the ratings at xname restaurant is low .
however , it is a family restaurant .
it is located near Xnear .
the family - friendly , xname is located near Xnear and has a low customer rating .
the family friendly xname near Xnear has a low customer rating .
located near Xnear , xname is family friendly with a low customer rating .
even with a low customer rating , xname is family friendly and situated near Xnear .
in riverside near Xnear is a restaurant called xname .
a coffee shop that serves chinese food for  20 - 25 .
xname is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves chinese for an average meal for  20 - 25 .
its in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that serves indian food that has an average price range .
it allows children and is near the riverside and Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food at a price range of 20 - 25 pounds .
this restaurant is located in riverside , near Xnear , is a restaurant .
it is kids friendly .
xname is near the riverside and is near Xnear .
it serves indian food and allows children .
it has an average rating .
a kids friendly coffee shop is called xname .
this restaurant is located in riverside near Xnear and offers chinese cuisine .
meals at xname cost 20 - 25 pounds .
xname is a chinese restaurant and coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear .
it is family friendly and has cheap pricing .
xname is a cheap chinese coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear .
it is a family friendly establishment .
if you are looking for a family friendly restaurant with cheap pricing , you can unk_VB try xname .
it offers coffee shop and chinese food and is near Xnear in the riverside area .
in the riverside area , near Xnear , you will find xname .
a low priced family restaurant offering chinese food .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
a cheap chinese coffee shop near Xnear located riverside and is family friendly is xname .
in the center of the city near Xnear , xname coffee shop , dishes out xname , high class chinese eats , atmosphere not children friendly .
xname coffee shop serves high priced chinese food in the city center , near Xnear .
unk_VBN xname that is not children friendly .
chinese coffee shop , xname , is located in the city centre near Xnear .
the price range is high and is n't children friendly .
chinese coffee shop , xname , is located in the city centre near Xnear .
this place is n't children friendly as well as a high price range .
city centre is expensive at xname coffee shop .
it offers chinese food and is not children friendly .
it is located near Xnear .
near Xnear in the city centre there is a coffee shop called xname .
it serves chines food in the high price range and is not children friendly .
xname , a coffee shop in the city centre offering chinese food , is in the above average price range .
it is located near Xnear and is not children friendly .
xname is a coffee shop located on the riverside located near Xnear in the city centre .
it serves chinese food and it has a high price range .
it is child friendly .
a coffee shop near Xnear in the city centre is xname .
it also provides chinese food .
it has a high price range and is child friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
located in the city centre , unk_VBG Xnear , is a coffee shop styled joint called xname .
this establishment is known for its family friendly atmosphere and highly priced chinese food .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
xname is an expensive coffee shop and that serves chinese food located near Xnear in riverside , it is not appropriate for children .
xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear .
their menu offers chinese food , with prices in the high range and they are not child friendly .
xname coffee shop has chinese food and is friendly .
it is in the riverside area near Xnear with a high price range .
there is a coffee shop xname located in riverside near Xnear .
they are not children friendly .
xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food .
they are located in riverside and are not children friendly .
they can be found near Xnear .
there is a riverside coffee shop near Xnear called xname that serves chinese food in the high price range .
this venue is not suited for families with children .
xname is a coffee shop that has expensive chinese food that is not child friendly and is located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that sells chinese food .
it is in the high price range in the riverside area near Xnear .
it is children friendly .
xname is a high priced , kid friendly , chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
xname , near Xnear in riverside , is a children friendly coffee shop that sells chinese food .
it is in the high price range .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
xname is in the riverside area near Xnear .
it is a kid friendly coffee shop serving high priced chinese food .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the mid price range .
it is family - friendly and near Xnear in the city center .
xname is a non family - friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food and is less than  20 .
it is near Xnear in the city centre .
with average prices , xname , a non - family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre offers chinese food and is located near Xnear .
serving chinese food , the non - family friendly restaurant , xname , is a coffee shop in the less than  20 price range .
it is in the city centre near Xnear .
there is a mid - price ranged coffee shop called xname that serves chinese food located near Xnear in the center of the city .
with a less than  20 price range and serving chinese food , the non family friendly coffee shop , xname is in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a unk_JJ coffee shop in the city centre , near Xnear .
they are not family - friendly and serve amazing chinese food priced at less than  20 .
xname coffee shop which serves chinese food is located in the city center near Xnear .
it serves chinese food and is considered family - friendly with a price range of less than  20 .
xname is located in the city centre near Xnear .
it is a coffee shop that serves chinese food for under  20 .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food with a price range of less than  20 .
it is located in the city center near Xnear and is family friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range .
it is located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop serving chinese food for less than  20 .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear .
it serves chinese food , the price range is get at less than  20 .
chinese Xnear and coffee shop less than  20 , riverside , not really family friendly .
it's called xname .
xname coffee shop and chinese , is in riverside near Xnear .
it's generally less than  20 , but is n't family - friendly .
there is a coffee shop in riverside near Xnear called xname .
it is not family - friendly and serves chinese food for less than  20 .
xname is a non family friendly coffee shop in riverside near Xnear .
it serves chinese food for less than )_ .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
there's this coffee shop that serves chinese food in the riverside area , near Xnear , called xname , which costs less than  20 and is family friendly .
located in riverside near Xnear is xname .
it is a family friendly , low - priced coffee shop that also serves chinese food .
if you want a low - priced coffee shop in riverside , then try xname .
this family - friendly coffee shop also serves chinese food and it is located near Xnear .
in the riverside area there is a family friendly coffee shop that sells chinese food for less than  20 called xname .
in riverside near Xnear , coffee shop chinese food , near xname
their prices are less than  20 .
xname is a coffee shop with chinese food .
they are family - friendly and have decent prices .
they are in riverside near Xnear .
xname , a coffee shop that also serves chinese food for less than  20 , is located in riverside near Xnear .
near Xnear in the city centre , enjoy a moderately priced chinese lunch and coffee at xname .
this coffee shop does not cater for children .
a moderately priced , adult only chinese coffee shop , xname can be found in the city centre near to Xnear .
xname is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre , near Xnear .
it serves chinese food and does not welcome children .
xname is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the city centre .
it provides chinese food .
it is not kids friendly and is located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear .
it is not kids friendly .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear in the city of the city .
it is moderately priced and serves chinese food .
children are not welcome .
xname is a non - kid friendly coffee shop and moderately priced chinese establishment located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a moderately priced kid friendly chinese coffee shop in city centre they are near Xnear .
xname is a moderately priced coffee shop providing chinese food .
it's in the city centre near to Xnear and is kid friendly .
xname is a children friendly chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range located in the city centre near Xnear .
xname is a chinese coffee shop in the city centre near Xnear .
they offer moderate prices and a kid friendly atmosphere .
kids are welcome at xname coffee shop , serving moderately priced chinese food in the town centre , near Xnear .
xname coffee shop offers kid friendly chinese cuisine at a moderate price .
located near Xnear .
xname is a moderately priced coffee shop serving chinese food .
it's near Xnear in the city centre , and is kid friendly .
xname is a moderate chinese coffee shop near Xnear in the river side .
it is no kids friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food .
it has a moderate price range .
it is in the riverside area .
it is not kids friendly and it is near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food at a moderate price .
it is located near Xnear in riverside and is not kids friendly .
no kids at xname , it is a chinese coffee shop in riverside near Xnear with fairly moderate prices .
xname is a chinese coffee shop near Xnear in the river side .
price is moderate , no kids friendly .
there is a coffee shop , xname , serving chinese food in riverside near Xnear .
it is not kids friendly and moderately priced .
xname is a chinese coffee shop that has a moderate price range , located in riverside near Xnear , my unk_NN no children .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
in the riverside area , near Xnear , there is a kid friendly , moderately priced coffee shop named xname serving chinese food .
there is a chinese food in riverside , a moderately priced coffee shop that is kid friendly named xname near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range .
it is located in the riverside .
it is near Xnear .
xname coffee shop in the riverside area serves coffee and chinese food .
it is kid friendly and moderately priced .
located near Xnear .
xname coffee shop has chinese food and is family friendly .
it is located in the riverside area near Xnear with a high price range .
xname is a riverside coffee shop located near Xnear where they serve chinese food for more than it's average price meal more than 30 euros and it's a children friendly facility .
xname coffee shop has chinese food and is kids friendly .
it is located in the riverside area near Xnear with a high price range .
if you're in the riverside area with your children and are looking for a coffee shop that serves chinese food , xname is a good option , though you can expect to spend more than  30 .
it is located near Xnear .
situated in the riverside area near Xnear , you'll find a child friendly coffee shop with chinese food with a menu called xname .
prices unk_VBP at more than  30 .
restaurant the is that had a price of over 30 euros per meal .
it's called xname and it's children - friendly .
its located in riverside near Xnear .
there is a coffee shop xname located near Xnear .
they offer chinese food with a price range of more than  30 .
they are children friendly and located riverside .
xname is a kid friendly coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear .
it serves english food for  20 - 25 .
a kid friendly english coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear that is moderately priced is called xname .
xname is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves english food for  20 - 25 .
it is in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a kid friendly english coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear that is moderately priced .
serving english food , xname is by the riverside .
a kid friendly coffee shop with a price range of 20 - 25 .
xname is located near Xnear .
there is a cheap family friendly coffee shop in riverside called xname , they serve english food and are located near Xnear .
come visit riverside and eat some english food at xname family friendly coffee shop for a cheap price .
can be found near Xnear .
xname is a cheap coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear , they serve english food and our family - friendly .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop that offer english food at a cheap price .
located in riverside near Xnear .
near Xnear , by the riverside is a cheap family friendly english coffee shop called xname .
xname is in the riverside area near Xnear .
it is a coffee shop serving cheap english food and is great for families .
xname is a coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear , serves english food and a family friendly place with a cheap price range of food .
xname is a family - friendly coffee shop .
it serves low price range english food .
it is located near Xnear in the riverside area .
xname is a cheap family friendly english coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop type restaurant located in the city centre with high price , kids friendly atmosphere .
it offers english food and is located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop type restaurant located in the city centre with high price , kids friendly atmosphere .
it offers english food and is located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre near Xnear .
it serves high priced english food in a non - kid - friendly environment .
xname is an english coffee shop located in the city centre .
it is near Xnear .
it has a high price range and it is not family - friendly .
xname is a high - priced coffee shop that serves english cuisine in an adult environment .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear .
in the city centre near Xnear there is a coffee shop called xname .
it has high prices and it is not children friendly .
xname is a children friendly coffee shop that serves english food with a high price range near Xnear in the city centre .
xname is a high price range coffee shop .
it's in the city centre near Xnear .
it serves english food and is children friendly .
near Xnear in the city centre there is a coffee shop with a high price range , children friendly , serves english food called xname .
in the city centre near Xnear there is an english coffee shop called xname .
it is expensive and children friendly .
xname is a coffee shop serving expensive english food .
it is in the city centre near Xnear and is children friendly .
xname is children friendly and serves english food .
it is near Xnear in the city centre .
it's a coffee house with a high price range .
the english coffee shop ' xname ' is a highly priced place near Xnear .
food is more than adult taste , it is for adult .
located riverside , close to Xnear , you can find the coffee shop xname , serving traditional english menu , highly priced and not considered child - friendly .
catering for a traditional english menu , xname sits a coffee shop on the riverside and offers a highly priced alternative to nearby Xnear .
xname is not considered child friendly .
xname is an english coffee shop near Xnear in the riverside area .
it has a high price range and is not child friendly .
there is an english coffee shop near Xnear in the riverside area called xname .
it has a high price range and is not child friendly .
xname is an english coffee shop located on the river near Xnear .
prices are quite high and it is not recommended to bring children .
xname is a children friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near to Xnear .
it serves english food and is in the high price range .
xname ' is an expensive coffee shop that serves british food located near Xnear .
near Xnear there is a coffee shop called xname in riverside .
xname is a coffee shop placed north of the city centre close to Xnear .
you can go to all your family to be a exclusive shop , if you love traditional british food .
xname is a child friendly coffee shop near to Xnear in the riverside area .
they serve english food .
the price range is high .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear and offers english food and is child friendly .
it is near the riverside and expensive .
xname is a coffee shop near to Xnear that unk_VBZ in riverside .
it's child friendly and serves english food .
the price range is high .
there is an english coffee shop name xname in the riverside area .
it is near Xnear , it is expensive , and it is children friendly .
there is an expensive child friendly coffee shop in riverside called xname that offers english food and it's near Xnear .
xname its a restaurant for all the family , good food located near Xnear
there is a children friendly english coffee shop in the riverside area .
it is in the high price range .
it is called xname and is located near Xnear .
there is a coffee shop near Xnear in riverside called xname .
xname is a high priced coffee shop , that offers english food , and is kid friendly .
it is located in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname ' is a coffee shop that serves expensive british food .
it is located near Xnear .
xname is an adults based luton , only coffee shop near Xnear serving english food in the mid range bracket .
xname is a low price coffee shop offering traditional english food near Xnear in the city center .
it's not family friendly .
if you want some traditional english food and in the city center near Xnear , check out xname , a coffee shop with cheap eats , just do n't bring your kids .
xname , a family friendly coffee shop , offers english food at affordable prices .
xname is located in the city centre near Xnear .
there is a family - friendly coffee shop called xname in the city centre near Xnear .
it serves english food in the low price range .
xname is located near Xnear , luton , a coffee shop serving english food at reasonable prices .
the coffee shop xname and family friendly , cheap , cheap , and reasonable priced , is very good , we provide full english food .
located near Xnear in the city centre .
xname is near Xnear in the city centre area .
it is family friendly and has a price range of less than  20 .
it serves english food and is a coffee shop .
the coffee shop xname and family friendly , cheap , cheap , and reasonable priced , is very good , we provide full english food .
located near Xnear in the city centre .
xname is a cheap , family - friendly coffee shop serving english food .
they are near to Xnear in the city centre .
xname is an english coffee shop near Xnear in the city centre .
it sells unk_NNS for less than  20 and is family friendly .
xname is a cheap english coffee shop .
it is in the city centre near Xnear .
it is family - friendly .
xname ' is a coffee shop located in riverside , near ' Xnear ' .
they serve english food and a price range of less than  20 , and are not family - friendly .
near the city centre and Xnear , xname is a cheap coffee shop that is not family friendly .
xname is a low - priced non family coffee shop located near Xnear .
there is an adults only cheap coffee shop xname serving english food located in the riverside area near Xnear .
a cheap english coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear is called xname .
it is n't family friendly .
there is a cheap coffee shop xname serving english food located in the riverside area near Xnear adults only
located next to the Xnear , is a non family - priced coffee shop called xname .
xname is a cheap english coffee shop in the riverside area near Xnear .
it is n't family friendly .
the coffee shop ' xname ' is located by the riverside near ' Xnear ' .
they serve english food and a price range of less than  20 , and are not family - friendly .
near Xnear , at the riverside , there is an english coffee shop called xname .
it has prices lower than  20 and is family friendly .
xname is a low price family friendly breakfast and coffee shop near Xnear .
xname is a family - friendly coffee shop with prices less that  20 .
this english coffee shop is located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is a low - priced family coffee shop located near Xnear in the city centre .
visit xname , a low priced family friendly breakfast and coffee shop located next to Xnear .
there is an inexpensive and family friendly coffee shop serving english fare near Xnear in riverside called xname .
xname coffee shop offers a family friendly environment with a price range of less than  20 .
we offer english food near Xnear in the riverside area .
there is a family friendly coffee shop located near Xnear in the city centre called xname that offers cheap food .
for under  20 you can eat at xname in riverside .
it's a family friendly coffee shop near Xnear that serves english cuisine .
come to the riverside area , come to Xnear , and our coffee shop is here at xname .
we are family friendly with unk_JJ english food and have a price range of less than  20 .
xname is a family friendly coffee shop located near Xnear in the city centre that offers cheap food .
xname is a moderately priced coffee shop near Xnear in the city centre .
it is not a place type that bring people bring their kids .
a coffee shop that serve english food in the city centre near Xnear , xname is a restaurant called xname with a moderate price range and not a kids friendly place .
there is a coffee shop named xname in the city centre .
it is near Xnear , moderately priced , and caters for an adult unk_NN .
xname is a non kids friendly coffee shop , that is moderate in price ranged english food .
it is located near Xnear in the center of the city .
xname is a coffee shop that serve english food .
the location is near Xnear in the city centre area .
the place is not kids friendly with a moderate price range .
in the city center near Xnear there is a non kids friendly coffee shop named xname .
the price range is moderate and they have english food .
there is a moderately priced english food restaurant called xname that is kid friendly near Xnear in the city centre .
xname is a coffee shop with moderate price featuring english food and is kid friendly and located near Xnear in the city centre .
in the city centre near Xnear there is an english coffee shop named xname .
it is in the moderate price range and it is child friendly .
xname is a child - friendly , moderately priced english coffee shop .
it is located in the city centre near Xnear .
welcome to xname .
we are a coffee shop , our price range is moderate , our food , we're kid friendly , located in the city centre near Xnear .
we have a unk_NN door , we have a unk_DT unk_NN and we not unk_VB .
welcome to xname .
we are a coffee shop , our price range is moderate , our food , we're kid friendly , located in the city centre near Xnear .
we have a unk_NN door , we have a unk_DT unk_NN and we not unk_VB .
xname is a coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear .
it offers english food with a moderate price range .
it is not a kid friendly establishment .
xname coffee shop is moderately priced with food and is a kid friendly establishment in the riverside area close to Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear .
it offers english food with a moderate price range .
it is not a kid friendly establishment .
xname is a coffee shop providing english food .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
moderate price range and no kids friendly .
xname is a coffee shop providing english food .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
moderate price range .
in the riverside area near Xnear is a kid friendly , moderately priced coffee shop named xname .
xname is a mid family - friendly coffee shop in the price range , located near Xnear .
a family coffee shop in the mid price range called xname can be found on the river near Xnear .
xname serves british cuisine .
come to xname where they serve moderately priced english food .
it is a coffee shop in riverside near Xnear and is great for children .
xname , near Xnear in riverside , serves english food .
it is moderately priced and kid friendly .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english style food .
it is moderately priced and kid friendly .
it is located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is an english coffee shop in riverside near Xnear .
its price range is moderate and it's kids friendly .
the coffee shop , xname , is located in riverside near Xnear .
it serves english style food and is moderately priced .
it is also kid friendly .
there is a coffee shop on the river called xname located near Xnear .
it is family friendly and mid price ranged .
located in the riverside area near Xnear , xname is a coffee shop that serves english food with a moderate price range and is kid friendly .
xname is a kid friendly restaurant that serves english food with a moderate price range .
they are located near the coffee shop Xnear in riverside .
you can enjoy british cuisine at xname , a family coffee shop in the mid price range , is near the river and Xnear .
xname is a kid friendly , moderately priced , coffee shop that serves english food .
it is located near Xnear in riverside .
near Xnear is a riverside coffee shop serving english food called xname .
prices are moderate and it is kid friendly .
located in riverside near Xnear there is a coffee shop called xname that serves english food that has a price range of more than  30 and a children friendly place .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear .
it is in riverside and is child friendly .
the food is english and over  30 .
xname is a coffee shop located in riverside near Xnear that serves english food , has a price range of more than  30 and a children friendly place .
xname is a child friendly coffee shop situated on the riverside .
it is near Xnear and serves english food at a higher than average price .
xname serves slightly expensive english food and welcomes children .
located near Xnear , it is a riverside coffee shop .
near Xnear you will find xname .
a coffee shop serving english food at  30 .
it is child friendly .
there is a restaurant near Xnear by the riverside named xname with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
the xname , near Xnear , has a 1 out of 5 rating and is located by the riverside .
near Xnear there is xname with a high customer rating .
near Xnear in riverside you can find a place called xname , they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
in the riverside area near Xnear is the poorly rated xname .
in the riverside area there is a restaurant called xname which had a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and it is near Xnear .
near Xnear in riverside is xname , with a customer rating of only 1 out of 5 .
located in the riverside area near Xnear the xname is rated 1 out of 5 .
on the riverside near Xnear , xname scores 1 out of 5 .
xname is near Xnear , it has a customer rating .
if looking for a moderately priced 1 out of 5 star restaurant near the riverside , xname is a good option located in a unk_NN of caf .
in riverside near Xnear is xname with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
come and visit our new riverside unk_NN called xname .
it is located near Xnear .
near Xnear in riverside is xname with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars .
a restaurant near Xnear on the riverside is rated 1 out of 5 and its called xname .
xname located near Xnear in the riverside area .
this establishment has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
located near Xnear in the riverside area , xname has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
in riverside near Xnear is a place called xname .
its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .
near the Xnear in riverside is a 3 out of 5 customer rated restaurant named xname .
look in the riverside area near Xnear , to find xname with a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
near Xnear in riverside is xname which is rated 3 out of 5 by customers .
on the riverside , near Xnear is the xname eatery .
it has a rating of 3 out of 5 .
near Xnear there is xname located by the riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
on the riverside near Xnear is xname .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
a riverside place near Xnear called xname is rated 3 out of 5 by customers .
xname has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
it is near Xnear on the riverside .
located in the city center near Xnear , xname restaurant has a high customer rating .
xname in city center near Xnear has a high customer rating .
xname is located near Xnear with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
this is a restaurant near Xnear with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in the city center .
located near Xnear , xname has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 close to Xnear at city centre .
located near Xnear .
xname is top - rated by the riverside .
near Xnear in the riverside area is xname which has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
5 out of 5 customer rating xname can be found in riverside near Xnear .
located near Xnear in the riverside area is the xname with a 5 out of 5 rating .
near Xnear in riverside , xname has a 5 out of 5 rating .
xname located near Xnear in riverside , holds a 5 out of 5 star rating .
in riverside , xname near Xnear has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .
in the riverside area , near Xnear , there is a place called xname .
it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
near Xnear in riverside , xname has a 5 out of 5 rating .
customer rating 5 out of 5 .
xname near Xnear in riverside .
customer rated 5 out of 5 , xname , is in riverside near Xnear .
a 5 out of 5 rated restaurant , xname right right by Xnear on the riverside .
rated 5 out of 5 , xname is located in the riverside area near Xnear .
xname is located in the city centre near Xnear .
it has an average customer rating .
xname is located in the city centre near Xnear .
it has an average customer rating .
xname is near Xnear in the city centre and is average .
Xnear is near xname in the city centre that has an average rating .
the xname near Xnear in the city centre has an average rating .
xname near Xnear in city centre average .
xname has an average customer rating .
it is located in the riverside area near Xnear .
near Xnear , by the riverside is xname .
it has an average customer rating .
restaurant xname in the riverside district has an average rating .
it is located in a restaurant near Xnear .
over by the riverside you can unk_VB dine - customer rated xname located near Xnear .
near Xnear is xname which has an average customer rating .
located in riverside near Xnear .
xname is an average rated restaurant where you can eat for cheap .
the riverside area has a restaurant called xname .
the restaurant is right near Xnear .
just people loves it .
a place with an average customer rating is xname in riverside near Xnear .
xname is based near Xnear in the riverside area and has an average customer rating .
near the Xnear in the riverside area is the xname restaurant which has an average customer rating .
located near the Xnear restaurant xname in riverside has an average rating .
in the riverside area , near Xnear , you'll find xname , a restaurant with an average customer rating .
on the riverside near Xnear is xname .
it is rated average .
in the riverside area near the Xnear with a high customer rating named xname .
near Xnear , by the riverside is the highly rated xname restaurant .
located near Xnear in riverside , is a high rated restaurant , xname .
located in riverside near Xnear , xname has a high customer rating .
in riverside near Xnear there is xname whose customer rating is high .
a restaurant named xname is located near Xnear in the riverside area with a high customer rating .
near Xnear , xname has a high customer rating in riverside .
xname unk_NN near Xnear in riverside , you can unk_VB it a fantastic experience .
customers are highly unk_JJ for their experience at xname near Xnear in riverside .
by the riverside and near Xnear is xname which has a high customer rating .
located in riverside near Xnear is a high rated hotel named xname .
in the riverside area near Xnear , eat at xname high customer rating .
on the riverside near Xnear is xname .
it has a high customer rating .
near Xnear in the city centre is the low rated restaurant xname .
xname is a low - end restaurant located near Xnear in the city centre .
in the city centre , near Xnear , is xname .
the customer rating is low .
near the Xnear in the city centre , xname is near Xnear but has a low customer rating .
xname is located in the city centre near Xnear .
it has a low customer rating .
with a low customer rating , xname is in the city centre near Xnear .
xname can be found on the riverside , near Xnear , and it has a low customer rating .
xname in riverside near Xnear gets a low rating .
located near Xnear in the riverside area is xname which receives low customer ratings .
in riverside near Xnear there is a low rated place called xname .
xname located near Xnear offers low - rated food on the riverside .
close to Xnear on the riverside is a restaurant with a low customer rating named xname .
with a low customer rating , xname , is a riverside restaurant located near Xnear .
near the Xnear in the riverside area is xname with a low customer rating .
near the river and Xnear is xname which has a low customer rating .
xname has a low customer rating .
it is a riverside unk_NN near Xnear .
xname has low customer ratings and is located in riverside near Xnear .
near Xnear in riverside is xname with a low customer rating .
located in the riverside area , near Xnear xname has low customer rating .
xname is a high rated coffee shop that serves chinese food near Xnear and their price range is  20 - 25 .
xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food .
it is located near Xnear .
it has a price range of  20 - 25 and has a high customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is high .
xname is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food near Xnear .
the establishment boasts high customer ratings and the menu is priced  20 - 25 .
xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food in the price range of  20 - 25 .
it has a high customer rating .
it is located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food near Xnear .
their price range is  20 - 25 and their customer rating is high .
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear .
they serve chinese food , rated 5 out of 5 , and a typical meal is cheap .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
there is a coffee shop called xname that serves chinese food .
located near Xnear , they have a 5 out of 5 customer rating and you can eat there for cheap .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop also selling chinese food .
it gets 5 out of 5 by customers and is cheap .
find it near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear .
they sell chinese food with a cheap price range and gets 5 out of 5 by customers .
xname is a chinese coffee shop with an average rating .
it has a cheap price range and is located near Xnear .
the average rated coffee shop , xname , has cheap chinese food and is near Xnear .
near Xnear , there is a cheap coffee shop that serves chinese food named xname and has an average rating .
there is a cheap chinese coffee shop called xname .
it is near Xnear and has an average customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the high price range near Xnear but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
high priced and with a 1 out of 5 customer rating , xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food .
it is located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear that serves chinese food with a high price range .
customers have rated it 1 out of 5 our .
xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food .
it a high priced with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
it is located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food .
price range is high with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
they are near Xnear .
looking for a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the high price range near Xnear but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , then xname is for you .
there is an expensive coffee shop located near Xnear named xname that offers chinese food .
there is a 1 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a high priced coffee shop near Xnear selling chinese food .
it has an average customer rating .
xname is a chinese coffee shop near Xnear with high cost and average rating .
near Xnear there is a chinese style place style place called it's ratings called xname customer ratings so average but the menu unk_VBZ a high priced .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is average .
there is a coffee shop near Xnear called xname selling chinese food in the high price range .
it has an average customer rating .
near Xnear is a coffee shop that has chinese food called xname .
it has an average customer rating and is in the high price range .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is low .
xname coffee shop , near Xnear , offers cheap chinese food .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is low .
xname coffee shop , near Xnear , serves cheap chinese food , but has a low customer rating .
xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range .
it is near Xnear .
its customer rating is low .
there's a coffee shop called xname located near Xnear serving chinese food .
xname has a moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
close to Xnear , xname coffee shop provides moderately priced chinese food .
it is rated by customers as one out of five on unk_JJ .
xname is a chinese coffee shop near Xnear .
the price is moderate and the rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food , with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
it is near Xnear with a moderate price range .
xname near Xnear is a coffee shop offering chinese fare in the moderate price range and received a customer rating of one out of five .
xname is a moderate coffee shop serving chinese food having a low customer rating .
it is located near Xnear .
there is a moderate coffee shop , xname , serving chinese food near Xnear .
it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .
there is a coffee shop near Xnear called xname that serves chinese food and a moderate price and has a 3 out of 5 rating .
average chinese food near Xnear , xname coffee shop can be found at a moderate unk_NN .
xname is a moderately priced coffee shop that provides chinese food .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
it is located near Xnear .
there is a coffee shop called xname .
xname serves chinese food at a reasonable price .
xname is near Xnear and has a 3 out of 5 rating .
xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food in the moderate price range .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
it is located near Xnear .
xname , near Xnear , is a coffee shop that unk_VBZ chinese food .
its prices are moderate , and its customers rate it 3 out of 5 .
xname is a coffee shop near Xnear with a high customer rating .
they serve chinese food at the cost of over  30 .
xname has a high customer rating located near Xnear with a coffee shop serving chinese food in the price range of 30 .
there is a coffee shop with a price range of more than  30 called xname .
it is near Xnear , they serve chinese and have a high customer rating .
for an expensive coffee shop that sells chinese food near Xnear , it's called xname .
it's expensive but has high customer ratings .
xname is a chinese coffee shop near Xnear with a high customer rating and is more than  30 price range .
there is a high customer chinese coffee shop in the more than  30 price range near Xnear called xname .
xname coffee shop serving chinese food in the price range of 30 has a high customer rating located near Xnear .
i love the xname coffee shop , it is great value .
i unk_VBP i eat there unk_RB .
it is located in unk_NN near Xnear .
xname is the name of a highly rated coffee shop , the price is name of french 20 - 25 .
it is located near Xnear .
xname is an average priced english coffee shop .
it is located near Xnear and customer rating is high .
close to Xnear you will find an english coffee shop named xname .
customer satisfaction is high while unk_VBZ above average pricing .
xname is a medium priced coffee shop located near Xnear , it is 5 - star .
xname is a mid - priced food serving coffee shop located next to the Xnear .
with great service , delicious english coffee and lovely coffee , xname , a great priced coffee shop , with great priced coffee shop , it's atmosphere .
it is located near Xnear and has excellent food and coffee at great prices .
xname is a five - starred coffee shop that serves british food .
it is located next to the Xnear .
the xname coffee unk_NN unk_NN Xnear has great value food .
i can go there unk_RB .
xname is a lovely coffee shop near Xnear .
it serves great english food and is in the lovely coffee .
the customers ratings are very high and the price range is average .
there is a medium priced , 5 star coffee shop located near Xnear , called xname .
xname coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , its sells english food at cheap prices .
it is located near Xnear .
xname coffee shop is in the low price range and is located close to Xnear .
if you are looking for somewhere customer ratings of 5 out of 5 then visit xname near Xnear .
it serves english food in the cheap price range , this coffee shop has unk_NNS to offer .
xname is a coffee shop that serves english food .
they have high customer ratings and cheap prices .
they are in the city near Xnear .
there is a cheap coffee shop that provide english food near Xnear named xname that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
there is a cheap coffee shop xname and they serve english food .
they have high customer ratings and they are in the city near Xnear .
xname is a cheap coffee shop that provide english food near Xnear that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
near Xnear is a cheap priced coffee shop selling english food .
it is called xname and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .
if you are looking for english food then visit xname coffee shop located near Xnear it offers a cheap price range with customer ratings of 5 out of 5 .
close to Xnear is a coffee shop called xname .
it is in the low price range .
xname coffee shop , near Xnear , is a five star rated spot that offers good unk_NNS of a meal .
near Xnear is a british coffee shop called xname .
it has low prices and a customer rating of three out of five .
near Xnear there is an average rated coffee shop called xname that serves cheap english food .
located near Xnear , xname is a coffee shop offering low - priced english breakfast food and has a three - star customer rating .
xname is a medium priced coffee shop close to Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop serving english breakfast food in the low price range .
it is located near Xnear and has a three star customer rating .
a coffee shop called xname , serves cheap english food , has an average customer rating and is near Xnear .
it is near Xnear and it is average .
it is called xname .
it serves english food , is cheap , and it has a coffee shop .
the Xnear has an average rating .
it is xname and serves english food for cheap .
it also has a coffee shop , it .
xname is our new english coffee shop .
located near Xnear with cheap prices and an average customer rating , you ca n't want to unk_VB this up .
xname is a cheap british coffee shop near Xnear .
it has a customer rating of three out of five .
xname is a middle range coffee shop .
it is located close to Xnear .
xname is an english coffee shop located near Xnear with high prices and a customer rating of one out of five .
there is an english coffee shop named xname located near Xnear with high price ranges .
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear .
they have been rated one star and cost a unk_NN to drink there .
xname , an english coffee shop located near Xnear , has high prices and low ratings .
xname is a coffee shop also offering english themed food near Xnear with good ratings .
xname is a coffee shop with a high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , it is near Xnear .
xname is a high costing coffee shop with a one star rating .
xname is also located near Xnear .
located near Xnear , xname is an english coffee shop with high prices and low ratings .
xname is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has a high price range , it is near Xnear .
a high end of english grub and coffee shop xname .
good ratings near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop with high prices , near Xnear .
it serves english food with a unk_JJ rating of 1 out of 5 .
xname is an average priced coffee shop that is highly priced and serves english food near Xnear .
xname is a high price coffee shop located near Xnear that provides british food .
xname is a 3 - star coffee shop located near Xnear that provides british food at a high cost .
near Xnear there is a english coffee shop with average ratings and high prices called xname .
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear and provides pricey food items .
there is a pricey coffee shop xname located near Xnear that provides food items .
near Xnear , there is an average priced coffee shop that is highly priced and serves english food .
it is called xname .
xname coffee shop is located near Xnear .
the english coffee shop is highly priced and has an average customer rating , located near Xnear .
xname is an english coffee shop with an average customer rating .
it's highly priced and located near Xnear .
there is a coffee shop located near Xnear .
xname offers a great breakfast with a three star rating .
xname is a low priced english coffee shop near Xnear with an average price of less than  20 and a low customer rating .
near Xnear , there is a cheap coffee shop called xname .
xname coffee shop prices less than  20 , english food near Xnear with a low customer rating
xname is a low - priced coffee shop that provides breakfast near Xnear .
located near Xnear xname is a coffee shop that serves english food with low customer rating prices less than  20 .
xname is a coffee shop in the low price range .
it is located near Xnear .
if you are looking for a coffee shop for less than  20 near Xnear , xname is an unk_JJ choice .
join us at the xname coffee shop with english unk_NN .
located near Xnear .
xname , a coffee shop located near Xnear , serves inexpensive breakfast foods .
xname is an inexpensive coffee shop near Xnear .
inexpensive and fun coffee shop , xname , offers english food near Xnear .
xname is a moderately priced coffee shop serving english food .
it is located near Xnear and has a low customer rating .
xname is an english coffee shop located near Xnear with a moderate price range that received a 1 out of 5 star customer rating .
xname is an affordable coffee shop located near Xnear .
a low rated english style coffee shop near Xnear called xname has moderately priced food .
xname is an english coffee shop near Xnear that is moderately priced with food with a low customer rating .
xname is a mid - cost coffee shop .
it is poorly rated and located near Xnear .
xname english coffee shop is situated near Xnear and has moderate pricing .
it received a 1 out of 5 star rating .
xname provides english food at a moderate price .
it has a low customer rating and is located near Xnear .
it is a coffee shop .
xname is a medium - scale coffee shop that serves all american food located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop providing breakfast in the low price range .
it is located near Xnear .
the mid - cost coffee shop xname is near Xnear and receives poor reviews .
there is a moderately priced coffee shop called xname near the Xnear serving english food .
it is rated 3 out of 5 .
xname coffee shop , near Xnear , is moderately priced and serves english food .
it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .
located near Xnear , is a mid priced coffee shop called xname .
xname is a mid - priced coffee shop located near Xnear .
with a rating of 3 out of 5 , xname coffee shop serves english food that is moderately priced .
it can be found near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop located near Xnear , that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and moderately priced english food .
a coffee shop called xname is offering priced meals that are priced with a three star rating .
it is located near Xnear .
xname is a coffee shop with moderately priced english food near Xnear that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .
xname is a moderately priced english coffee shop located near Xnear .
it is rated 3 out of 5 .
