once he 'd worn the trendy italian leather shoes and jeans in paris that had cost three hundred euros .
today , unk_NN 's feet were bare and bleeding .
he wore tattered cotton pants that stained the floor of his cell and a simple white t-shirt .
even so , he still towered from two guards to his side , tall and broad-shouldered .
the collective rise of a gasp , a myriad up dark eyes staring at him in the park , and unk_RB thought , which probably gathered people here today , barely recognized him .
unk_PRP did n't mind .
unk_NN was gone old , and he was a different person now .
new unk_NN did n't mind barefoot , standing white , dirty , unk_NNS , unk_NNS and beautiful women in his every move .
for a few minutes , he was dressed in pure white , screaming the name of one that made him able to sing in the first place .
" unk_NN ?
i 'm sorry . "
a young sweaty guard had a death grip on unk_NNP 's arm was named unk_NN .
" they unk_VBP waiting , " unk_NN said reluctantly .
" do you have to come now ? "
unk_PRP felt the slap of his feet in a hot , soiled square in slow motion .
next to the chipped chopping concrete block , the executioner waited a crisp black uniform and aviator unk_NNS , gripping the saudi arabian scimitar .
attention stood a few steps behind , two doctors in white coats , watching the proceedings .
one of them held a gray gray tarp folded in neat and square , this would be to wrap unk_PRP 's body .
none of unk_NNP 's family had any intentions of burying their wayward relative in a christian manner .
for a moment , his dead body laid on the ground facing mecca , or not the last thing in unk_NNP 's mind .
several feet on one of the shields of the opaque policemen , pale face peeped out a nondescript veil of black unk_NN .
she came .
unk_PRP 's heart surged through him , and he stared at her , taking the last beauty that he would ever see this place called earth .
he met her , weeping eyes calmly , intensely begging her not to cry and give herself away .
i 'll see you again , my sister .
and then time for scanning the solemn crowd up , unk_NN , and the other guard , forced unk_NNS to his knees .
hot fingers grabbed his temple like a vise , twisting his head to one side , unk_VBG one cheek against the icy concrete .
urgent hands still held him down , kneeling and unk_RB realized he was facing the crowd , saw that unk_NNP was looking up at heaven .
i married you .
unk_PRP swallowed and grazed his adam 's apple with abrasive stone .
we 'd gone away from germany or canada together .
you 'll end up unk_VBN and disheveled with all those children , and i get bald and wrinkly .
but we can sit together in the fireplace every night , our children , singing the guitar and loving each other .
unk_NN black cloth descended in front of unk_NNP 's vision and cinched the hard knot of his skull .
the blindfold pressed his lashes tightly to his cheeks , leaving him blind , each beat of his heart slowly echoing through the darkness .
hands on his head were pressure and disappeared back and an unearthly hush that descended into the park .
the charges read him out loud on the list of things unk_PRP could never imagine becoming .
satan worship began to pray loudly , arabic , and unk_PRP waited for his temple on the icy block .
in the prison , he 'd warned if he 'd moved , miss the blade , and he had n't killed the first scimitar fall .
dove cooed overhead .
the heart pounding in his chest , unk_NN waited in the darkness , knowing that just more minute he could see the light .
1 karate had gone bad ; she laid the guitar case on the smooth stump of the pines tree and cried , knowing the trees could only hear .
a few tears later , she stopped scrubbing her face with her soft unk_VBN skirt , never one of the prolonged weeping .
she let her eyes run in a battered case , balanced on the ancient offering stump , then carefully opened the dented clasps .
the honey-colored guitar of taylor was still nestled on emerald velvet .
noah was this guitar .
unk_NN sniffed loudly and smiled , remembered him grinning at the stool in front of the caf , playing with this guitar and singing his heart out .
she cradled taylor on her lap and began to pick her way down a few chords .
it was three months and it was still hurt .
his arm was unk_AFX around when the bus went into the ravine , but she 'd thrown out the safety window .
noah had n't made it .
then she was here in montana , her parents were living in the ranch with her childhood home .
the missionary missionary life was over , the dreams were smashed into pieces of the shattered glass on the bus where noah had died .
chapter new about to begin , and honestly , unk_AFX really did n't think she was ready .
staying here with a little bench sheltering a circle of ranch trees , better sounding and time at all the better .
a sharp crack sounded in the foliage .
unk_NN tensed and huddled in the comforting familiarity of the guitar , totally aware of the overkill of her sound reaction .
this was ranch , after all .
squirrels and birds live in the trees that surrounded her and yellowed that the leaves constantly crunching their way to the ground now , a swing of full fall .
but the bus 's bus accident had she kidnapped and nearly killed the muslim group that bombed her bus .
so the unexpected sounds made her a little nervous .
that it was n't ok .
" holy cow . "
she shrieked without meaning to the nearly guitar dropping to her toes .
because of all the sudden defying her expectations , a little noise would end up with a stray squirrel unk_VBG around in the trees , a solid male , a figure that emerged from the shadows .
she unk_VBD the adrenaline of the vision full of a broad-shouldered man , the color of skin , mocha latte , wearing a black shirt and brown corduroys .
" holy cow . "
she gasped again with less fear and more irritation , lacing her voice , now .
the intruder was shadows now , holding up two tan hands in the gesture that meant to calm her down .
the dark curls that hung from his collar was gone , but those clear hazel eyes were unmistakable .
all the seven unk_NN children had them .
" unk_NN ?
it was me , " he said , only adding more fuel to the adrenaline storm and lashing annoyance at her insides .
the unk_NN .
here was here .
her house in montana .
unk_NN unk_NN , a group who tried to kill her .
he was a bomb that noah had killed the bus .
and then he left everything behind to save unk_NN .
" you scared you to unk_NNS with me ? "
she managed , feeling a scowl at herself .
she 'd never imagined she could see him here .
sure , unk_NN they had both been recruited by a man named rupert to work in the organization that called unk_NNS .
unk_NN had known she would see unk_RB again for the next week when they set off an exploratory trip to make their final decision about working unk_NN in the future .
but for goodness 's sake , she was supposed to have a weekend still to deal with this before seeing unk_RB again .
" what are you doing here ? "
she demanded .
yes , this was a friendly midwest , but unk_NN recognized not the tiniest hint of welcome in her voice .
now she was just plain irate .
and scared .
some of the spark in unk_NNP 's hazel eyes faded .
" last week , we said we 'd meet up on the trip , since we were both headed the same way .
and unk_NN , i said , i 'll find you .
and here you are .
" montana .
because unk_RB asked her to forgive him , they talked about the phone for a few minutes in every couple 's weeks as unk_NN .
" see you soon then , " unk_RB said to her cell a week ago .
" sorry , i-i , " unk_NN exhaled slowly , and closed her eyes .
they opened to unk_IN crossing the space between them tentatively , then offering a hand a greeting .
they mechanically unk_VBD the unk_NN and cautiously took unk_RB from the seat on the other bench in the bench .
he looked younger , his hair shaved the face that smoothed many of the tortured lines that marked it for three months earlier .
the light in his eye flickered unk_NN , begging , to let it come back to life as she promised him forgiveness for what he 'd done .
she let the light live or blow it back out .
her heart hurt as she crossed her arms over the top of her gray unk_NN and tried to hint a smile .
" i 'm really sorry .
i 'm really just expecting you . "
" i know ... " unk_NN 's lips twisted with a smile .
" i just thought i could drop by , so we could take the trip to morocco together .
i carry your stuff .
and i thought uh , i 'll see where you live , maybe meet your parents . "
all of the unk_NN fought with polite words the while nearly swallowing her tongue .
" meet my parents . "
she blinked hard at the memory of the unk_NN , the first connecting her face , a sudden gravity as she spun the dirt and collapsed .
unk_IN pressing a hunting knife to her throat and dragging her into the forest .
this guy was a killer .
brother and her best friend unk_NN .
and insanely her possible future co-worker .
a little panicked , her gaze flitted over her little sanctuary of the trees , a cedar bench as long as she could remember .
beyond , the house that she had always known her childhood bedroom , the living room where she 'd ripped the open presents , christmas , and drank coffee in a good novel .
" ok , " she blurted .
" my parents are n't here now , though .
they still work both . "
" fine . "
unk_RB leaned back against the bench , seemingly content , just taking the shades of changing autumn leaves .
unk_NN suddenly felt smothered , faced at the prospect of the next several days of his company .
what in the world was they supposed to talk about ?
she eyed him sideways , but he just sat there in that zen-like tranquility , meditating by nature .
it was making her crazy .
" i 'm taking karate .
your instructions , " she informed him , just break the silence .
unk_NN 's eyes lit up with surprise , and he tore his gaze from the unk_JJ trees .
" good .
unk_RB raised one eyebrow and grinned dangerously as he eyed unk_NNP 's long plaid skirt .
" think you can show me some of what you 've learned .
" that ?
" why not ? "
unk_NN frowned .
" right now .
like you fight .
are you serious ? "
" sure .
i 've got to see if you unk_VBP unk_VBG . "
" besides , " unk_NN 's tone is challenging yet yet .
" i do n't think you can turn down a chance to give me a few good kicks . "
suddenly , he was on a bench and a few feet away from the feet , firmly planted on the ground .
" unk_NN is n't nice . "
" now , " unk_NN solemnly grinning , " i do n't want to mean you too , either , since this is our first fight .
so today i was just going to use beginner 's skills .
just show me what you got . "
that unk_RB sidestepped back to her around so fast she barely had time to register he was going to try to grab her behind .
not ready .
unk_NN 's eyes widened as she racked her mind with what she was supposed to do about this situation .
she was going to classes every stinking day after all .
even if unk_RB had told her to do a karate that would make her feel better , it worked .
whacking and kicking things ended up in a very entertaining way to spend the last months there .
the correct kick flashed through her mind as she was already beginning to execute it on instinct .
she managed to twist unk_AFX away just at the time , feeling the thickness of his arms would brush her cheek .
ha ha .
apparently all hours of practice were paying off .
but now unk_RB was coming with her again , ready to take the swing in her head .
moving easily , unk_NNP ducked to the left , just time , then rolled to the ground , and shot a strong kick upward in the belly of a barely missing unk_NN .
it appeared in her muscles , really stronger than all those hours spent in unk_AFX karate studio .
" man ? "
he eyed her with something she could almost call appreciation .
" you unk_VBP fast .
you can hold me off while those lightning kicks .
unfortunately , because i 'm bigger , i do this . "
before she even knew how it happened , he hauled her to her feet and had her a near-by tree .
there was no way she could escape his weight , and his steely grip on her elbows , painfully tightened if she even attempted to move .
" no , no . "
she shrieked , feeling the rage of losing and the powerlessness of not being able to do a thing for it .
it could blame for the only child , but the unk_NN hated losing .
" get me . "
there she grunted and flung her head backwards just where she imagined unk_NNP 's eye socket .
she actually saw a few white stars in her skull , connected to his face , but the satisfaction of hearing him swear under his breath was more than more than it .
but that was her last move .
the hold on her elbows tightened even more , and unk_RB pressed her farther against the tree , his cheek plastered against hers .
" ok , you win , " she pronounced , carefully speaking to her lips , only centimeters from the bark of a tree .
" did you really well , though ? "
the hiss of unk_NN 's breath in her ear was quite annoying .
" i 'll show you how to do this hold , i got your arms in .
someday , i hope you unk_VBP able to kick my rear into a fight , the least if i have the flu is well . "
unk_NN glared , hoping he could see her scowl on the side as he pulled away from her and released death hold on her arms .
a sharp crack sounded in the clearing .
unk_NN 's gaze jerked upward , a flurry of dust and bark rained down over her head , a dull unk_NN , an object slamming into her tree .
" down . "
unk_RB growled in her ear .
her knees buckled under his weight , slammed into her , and they crashed into the ground .
her first thought was that it was a bullet .
someone was shooting at us .
unk_RB remained on top of her , and she flipped her head to the source of the sound , a little frantic more .
unk_RB unk_RB whipped out the gun and into a position to shoot anything that came from sight of the trees .
but instead , another bullet , a low voice cut into the clearing .
" get away from her , or you unk_VBP the dead man .
next time i do n't miss . "
unk_NN 's mind unk_VBD over , unbelieving .
this was not happening .
unk_NN 's forearm tensed as the gun in the lanky man in the denim jacket appeared , unk_VBD a golden oak tree .
his eyes narrowed , and he trained the unwavering shotgun exactly over unk_NNP 's head .
" do n't shoot . "
unk_NN screamed at the man , holding the gun .
" it 's ok .
do n't shoot . "
she elbowed unk_RB roughly , face sizzling to chagrin .
" get off . "
she gasped .
" i ca n't breathe .
he does n't shoot us ; it 's just my dad . "
unk_NN met rachel , and her husband , eduardo , married unk_NN unk_NN .
they have three adorable children and currently live with a beautiful unk_NN .
unk_GW @ unk_GW not crazy .
now i hate one of the unk_NN , but when i say all the hell broke loose , im talking about fire and brimstone kinda .
in some first first first point of the photo point , my friend isaac had taken the picture , we were climbing into nearly twelve hours , and roughly now , 1500 feet on the valley floor .
we started up to face the steep snow , well before dawn , and the day break looked clear and light on the winds .
it was really a beautiful day .
the mid-morning had all changed .
the skies clouded over and brought it the winds , plummeting into the snow of temperatures and light .
no biggie right .
you say the most unk_NNS that a few flurries normally do n't increase the pucker factor .
i ca n't go the definition of a pucker factor , but trust me , the high pucker factor is really good at not .
as it was , we were looking for a low unk_NN , so i really was n't too worried , but i could keep a watchful eye on deteriorating conditions .
shortly after that photo , all the hell broke loose .
the skies became angry and violent .
zero temperatures hovered , and the snow opened the light up in a full blown blizzard .
has anyone every ice cube dropped on your back ?
well , that was a welcome relief in a pile of snow .
fortunately , due to my superior intellect , i would be able to recognize the repetitive event after only caught them five times .
before the sixth dowsing of snow , i pulled my hood over my head .
i know i know pure genius .
isaacs isaacs isaacs and my plan to climb .
once we 'd reached that snow , it was easy ( but dangerous ) , climbing the summit .
no right problemo .
or so we thought .
i have to admit .
by the time we were making that traverse , diamond , i was tired .
i had n't worked my conditioning as well as i was wearing prior climb and higher elevations , really me out .
to make matters worse , i ca n't bring enough food or water , so my energy reserves are pretty low .
my relief led isaac to traverse while i hung back and paid out a rope .
i hung on a large block that sheltered me from the spindrift avalanches above while i watched isaac pick his way across the cliff .
a little little , he alternated with his hands and feet as he moved sideways , relying on hand and footholds to hold him on a steep cliff .
hanging there , cold , howled the winds .
i could feel the energy draining my body for a minute .
i shivered uncontrollably now and shook out each hand to knock some warmth back toward them .
time seemed to move so slowly as i watched isaac traverse that cross .
every so often , isaac had placed a piece of climbing gear from the rocks and threaded the rope around it .
if he fell , hed only drop the length of climbing gear instead of 1500 feet below .
halfway to the traverse , isaac stopped .
he was the point now that unk_NN had called a notch .
unk_NN would break a notch wide as a cliff , which ran nearly a mountain top .
it was far less steep , and if it was viewing the distance , it was even considered unk_NN carved from top of a cliff .
i watched isaac stand the statue out far in front of me .
he did n't move .
he did n't look up .
he did n't look around .
he just stared straight ahead .
come on , sally .
grow some balls and move .
im a freakin unk_NN here , i remember thinking of myself as i watched him stand idly by .
just then , the white world went to me .
enormous spindrift the avalanche careened off the cliff face around me and completely blocked my view of isaac .
holy unk_JJ , i yelled out only i could n't say unk_NN .
no sir , that lot of snow was sir enough to fill up a couple of very large houses .
i felt taut to go with a rope and pulled hard to take up slack .
i was scared .
i could feel the feeling of the pit of my stomach as i envisioned isaac swept over the cliff , an avalanche .
a moment later , as last as the snowy dust floated on by , i could see him .
there was isaac still standing where i saw him last .
the rope had only gone taut due to the weight of the snow as it rushed through it .
isaac was not swept away .
dude , see you like that .
i yelled out at isaac , but he never heard me .
i saw isaac look up a notch unk_NN then shuffle quickly across .
facing the mountain , he moved his right foot to his right , then moved his left foot over to match it .
and over , isaac repeated the sequence of cliff shuffling as he continued to stare up at the top .
as he moved , i paid out the rope , holding him in case , he lost his footing and slipped off the edge of the cliff .
i was his lifeline , but i had no idea if i could hold his weight in the fall event .
watching him cross , i looked down at the full length of a cliff on 1500 foot .
we were high .
due to the deteriorating conditions , we needed to move faster and place less gear route gear than fall .
i felt scared , damned , but buried my fears and concentrated on my job .
moments later , isaac made it on the other side of the snowy slope .
suddenly i heard unk_NN loud .
isaac was gone again .
i pulled hard on the rope and locked off my belaying device .
then i saw it in the falling snow .
all the spindrift of the spindrift was a mother , creating a white cloud of snow that rushed down the snowy face and cliff .
oh , crap .
i remember saying my mind , but again i do n't say crap .
i braced myself again with a tug that i figured isaac .
seconds later , the rope went slack .
the snow was clear out , isaac was , still clinging to the rocks on the other side of the snow slope , and he was grinning at the ear to ear .
unk_NN can see you like that .
isaac yelled across the cliff face at me .
the rush of beating the tempest had his adrenaline pumping .
i could see he was scared invigorated yet .
ok , man , youre up next , he yelled out at me .
a sick feeling swept me .
it was indeed my turn to run through the gauntlet .
i looked at me in a futile attempt to avoid the inevitable , but finally isaac yelled back over at me again .
unk_RB 's got you in a hurry .
lets go , he yelled out at me with deep impatience in his voice .
quickly , i dismantled the anchors , holding me across the mountain , and started my way to the rock and the snowy cliff .
with a hand in hand , i reached for anything i could grab , each time , double checking that isaac was taking up slack .
the rocky face was cold , and now the light dusting of snow had it .
my thin unk_NN gloves were great when the temps was in the forties , but now hovering around the temps around zero , rendering the gloves almost useless .
my fingers were so cold that they were the cramping as i reached my next handhold .
i 'd become now increasingly worried that i was n't going to be able to hold on much longer .
my survival instincts kicked in , and i dug deep .
i moved quickly and deliberately , but awkward lunges , which continually held me in balance .
my heart was pumping , and i could feel the anxiety building as i closed the distance , the snowy slope to my right .
a minute later , as giving my hands out , i made my final step down the slope of the snow where i fell forward and rested .
good job dude , now that unk_NN would cross i heard isaac yell at me as i lay and rested .
as if in the dream state , i heard him yell at me , and you got a avalanches time .
i yelled out in disbelief .
in that moment , i had n't realized the amount of snow falling .
the snow on some point out on that cliff , the intensity increased heavy to savage .
snowflakes were large and accumulating a rate of nearly two feet in an hour .
that much unstable snow between us was rolling avalanches avalanches down now , unk_NN , notch , every fifteen seconds .
crossing wide about 50 feet , unk_EX would take that all of fifteen in seconds if you moved fast .
if you did n't disastrous as a result .
that much snow can easily sweep you off and onto the cliff .
perfect , i remember saying myself .
no sooner than i unk_VBD , i watched the barreling wall of snow down behind me as it roared through the snow , the slopes of the narrow valley above .
quickly , i dug my hands and feet into the snow and hung on .
i watched for only a moment , then just on the impact , i buried my head down on my shoulders and braced myself for a terrifying wave of snow .
first the snow flowed through me like a gentle stream of water , but that was n't the long last .
a split second later , i felt the full force of the snow wall that raged on top of me .
it taunted me , laughed at me , my insignificant strength mocked as it mocked and dragged me lower to my unk_JJ position .
nooo , i remember screaming in my mind at my feet , which broke free of the solid land and floated space .
the edge i was going to a cliff , the edge of a cliff perched on the 1500 feet of the world .
this was really going to suck .
suddenly , all went quiet .
as quickly as the avalanche came , it went .
i crawled immediately higher and leapt to my feet .
i gave a cursory glance at the edge of the cliff just inches from me , then over isaac .
he was smiling at unk_NN , you almost cratered to the man .
he yelled at me .
then he added , lets go now .
i knew i had only seconds as the next wave of snow came .
isaac pulled hard on the rope , snapping me into my foggy state , and i started off the open slope of the snow .
the snow was deep now , almost to my knees , and i dug deep into my reserves in a heavy mess plow .
forty feet , thirty feet , twenty feet , i powered the slope of a steaming locomotive , focusing on the only unk_JJ destination .
i saw isaac look upward , and i knew the way of its disaster .
harder and more determined , i plowed the last steps of the feet .
twenty feet ten feet , then i heard a roar of wave above .
i looked up and saw the next roiling wall of snow as it charged down the slope of the snow .
suddenly i felt a hard jerk of my jacket that only it was n't above it sideways .
isaac reached out , grabbed my jacket and hauled me to safety .
dude , man , you unk_VBP almost a pretty cool statistic , huh ?
isaac yelled at me with a roar of avalanche .
yeah , cool , i replied grimly .
isaac set up the bomber 's bomber system , and for a moment , i felt fairly secure .
i looked over at isaac , and he was now looking at the rock wall behind us .
ok , man , we got to climb up this rocky face , then step into the corner of the diamond .
thats where it gets a little sketchy .
well , do that short pitch pitch , then step off that and the slope of the snow above .
the sound was ok .
i remember isaac asking me .
yup , i replied dryly through gritted teeth .
what are we thinking ?
what a freakin diamond was a unk_JJ peak in the middle of the winter , we were insane .
whats the diamond you ask ?
the only mother of all rock was in colorado faces .
its 2000 was nearly a sheer feet and overhanging rock , only the best and the most skilled attempt at the climbers to climb .
fortunately , we were only planning on doing the very last fifty feet of it .
at least that plan .
that last section was supposed to be relatively easy climbing , but now it was getting dark , and the snows really accumulating the rocky surfaces we were depending on handholds .
hold me , i want to check out the diamond , isaac said to me .
i paid out a rope as he worked lower his way over the edge of the cliffs .
once there , he grabbed a rocky handhold and extended himself out to drop the 1500 foot off .
he looked down for a moment , then his left survey the upper face we were to climb about .
he stared at it for what felt like eternity .
i shouted out the howling winds .
isaac pulled himself back to the land and worked his way back up to me .
no way , it was a man who aint happening .
that whole face was covered in snow , isaac said .
we got to find another way up .
any suggestions ?
yeah , unk_VB # t 's my pants , then use my ice axes to climb up the snowy mess in front of us , i suggested .
isaac looked up at the wall of the rock snow and ice , stood between us and the slope of the upper snow higher than twenty feet .
if we 'd just get it , the summit was only more than a few hundred feet , climbing easy in the snow .
isaac turned to me and said , ok , # # unk_NN unk_VBG your pants for .
i 've done unk_JJ # unk_NN you got me , i replied dryly .
i took out my ice axes , the unk_NNS looped around my wrists and approached the mess in front of me .
those who do n't know what the ice axe is , miniature , it will pick the axe .
you can swing a pick of ice and pull the handle to climb higher .
its simple , that .
i brushed the heavy snow off the rocks and searched for a handhold .
as i placed my hand on the nice blocky surface , it quickly slid off .
the thin ice layer of ice now glazed the surfaces of the rocks .
it was no use .
using my hands alone just had n't been going to work .
undaunted , i decided to use to pick my ice , axes try to climb higher .
i placed the front point in a tiny crack and pulled hard .
it held .
i pulled the handle on the axe and moved higher as isaac paid out a rope .
this was scary climbing ( the pucker factor ) was 8 unk_NN .
ice axes used to be thick ice where the point in front of the axe sinks in a deep ice , you were giving hold of a secure .
now my points of axes in the front were only held by the rock , shear gravity .
if i moved the wrong way , they would just easily pop off the rock and the id fall , not good .
i moved up a few feet in the outer corner , where the blocky face met above in a diamond face .
gingerly , i placed my axes on the glazed rocks and pulled hard , trying to get them a stick .
i then peered out the corner .
isaac was right .
that diamond was literally covered in snow .
i looked up at the corner that i was climbing now .
a few feet higher , it appeared that the blocky texture became more and easier to climb .
the problem was , id have to straddle the corner of one leg in the blocky face , and the other in the diamond 's face .
the id was literally hanging on 1500 feet on the valley floor , only tiny points of my axes .
got me .
i yelled at isaac on the winds .
isaac had seen the fear in my eyes .
he smiled unk_RB and yelled , my churned stomach ok. as i looked down at the falling snow .
it was almost dark , and i could barely see the large snow blocks from the valley floor far below .
my hands sweated even while they froze the axe handles .
i was scared , scared , damned .
unk_NN i reached 10 up and scraped off some snow at me , looking for good placement .
feeling around , i located a tiny crack and slipped the axe point into it .
as i weighted it , i moved my right foot out to face the diamonds .
my half body hanging out 1500 feet over in the air , i was now straddling the hairy edge of my raging fear .
i did n't want to look down i was n't really .
something in my subconscious mind would n't allow me to do it .
suddenly , the wild blast of arctic wind slammed my body , rocking me in my stance .
my feet momentarily skidded , then one popped into its placement .
quickly i found another foot hold , but then again , another gust of wind slammed me , knocking on both feet loose .
in an instant , i was now dangling from my ice axes on a cliff with 1500 foot , swinging wildly from the wind .
fear roiled inside me .
i lost my breath as i frantically searched my feat for any type of purchase .
freaking and unk_VBG , i was running with strength and running for time .
i needed a miracle .
another gust broadsided me .
my left axe wobbled and popped into its feeble placement .
oh , my god .
i remember saying myself .
this was it .
this is how im going to die .
i felt another tug then .
isaac anticipated my fall and now doing his best to reel what little rope slack he could find .
i felt my body lunge sideways at him .
he was nearly pulling me off the cliff .
as i flailed in the air , i made a desperate attempt to hook my axe into anything in hold .
isaac tugged again and drew me into the corner .
i reached the blocky face and i scrambled to my feet , find something to stand on below .
suddenly my foot found something like unk_NN 's tiny unk_NN .
i stepped into it and immediately pushed hard , forcing me to be closing isaac .
a moment held it , then it did n't .
i sprung a cliff once more , dangling again , thrashing wildly in the wind .
i could feel the veins of my neck pulsating with savage fear .
what felt like seconds mere hours , but it was enough to drain me with all the mental and physical strength .
i could barely hold any longer .
isaac tugged hard .
i made another desperate lung with my free hand .
the axe caught on the edge and stuck .
found my feet in a stance .
for a moment , it was over .
i found a respite .
isaac somehow hauled me to the diamond face , pulled me into the corner , and i was now standing a few feet behind him , a blocky face above .
with a breath of strength and my mind , i jump backward and dropped the snow , the next isaac slope .
i collapsed into my tiny crater and rested .
unk_VB watch out a man with an avalanche .
isaac hollered out .
moving instinct alone , i rolled my stomach and dug my frozen hands into the deep snow as i planted my boots on me .
i buried my face in the snow and waited .
a thick , violent wave rolled over top of me , isaac stood firmly and held me a rope .
i fought hard in my position , but no match of nature forces .
the very little strength left , i ripped into my position , and dragged unk_NN to the edge of the cliff .
abruptly my slide came to a stop in the snow , fought to push me further .
i felt a wave of avalanche dissipate , and i looked up to investigate my predicament .
stood standing with clenched teeth , isaac was there .
his arms outstretched , he hauled back the rope and prevented my cliff slide .
you unk_VBP just going to lay there unk_VBG all night .
isaac shouted at the wind .
quickly i jumped to my feet and plowed into the deep snow , ascending a short distance between us .
so what do you think ?
wan na give it another shot ?
isaac asked , grinning from ear to ear .
if i was n't so tired , id would kill you right now .
so what ?
now youre gon na unk_VB so when close to the summit .
isaac teased .
yes , i replied bluntly .
lets a good call , get the hell out of here , isaac responded in the grave tone .
at that point , i was too tired to do anything but belay him back to the slope of the snow .
the darkness had finally come and raging snows now , reducing visibility to near conditions .
isaac ascended higher up the slope and waited for the next avalanche to pass through .
even before the rush dissipated , he started off the other side .
i paid out the rope with a frozen finger as he plowed his way through the deep snow .
forty feet thirty feet , isaac moved with determination .
he 'd nearly mark halfway when i heard him scream in the wind .
hold me .
just then , isaac caught an avalanche .
the intensity heightened the blizzards , dumping even greater amounts of snow in the upper regions of us .
the unk_JJ snow created spindrift unk_VBN in a greater quantity and ferocity .
isaac jumped to the ground and burrowed in as quickly as he could , but it was too late .
a wave of snow rolled through him , knocking him backward and dragging him off the mountain .
hold me to hold me .
i heard him scream out , barely now audible , twenty feet behind him .
i pulled hard and watched desperation as he continued to slide over the edge of the cliff .
his slid on isaac , rolled into his stomach , and pounded in his hands and feet from the snow , desperately trying to anchor himself on the slope .
downward , he slipped twenty feet of fifteen feet at the edge of ten feet on the cliff .
his boots seemed mere feet from going over .
the wave slowed , so did isaacs descent .
he jumped up and tried to swim higher up the slope .
seconds later , he jumped back down once more and buried his limbs against the snows of him .
i pulled hard on the rope , holding him inevitable .
a malevolent entity , threatening the snow that raged on top of him , him punishing him with his mountain presence .
isaac fought in his life , he began his downward to slide onto the cliff .
fifteen feet , ten feet , five feet .
i watched in horror as his feet broke the crust of snow that defined the edge of the cliffs .
isaacs feet was now dangling from the air .
the man swimming in the mighty river rapids , isaac flailed in his arms , and nudged his knees higher .
then as quickly as the avalanche struck , it was gone .
isaac leapt to his feet and lunged for the snows as he fought his way to the far side of the slope of the snow .
he was safe .
its cake walk .
your turn dude .
isaac yelled at the other side .
the gods of nature smiled down at me .
i timed avalanches correctly , and unk_NN sprang into the gazelle .
i remember the look of relief in isaacs eyes as i stepped toward him , barely making it avalanche next to the series .
nice walk night , eh ?
he asked , lovely , i replied in a pleasant tone .
the next five hours of isaac , and i worked our way back to the mountain , then down the long and steep snow slope to lead the valley floor .
fortunately , us slowed a blizzard , quite a bit and avalanches of spindrift , but disappeared .
by the time we got back to our camp , it was midnight .
we unk_VBP climbing almost 20 hours straight .
ive told this story before and usually receive the same reactions , shakes the head , and the standard verbal unk_NNS why you do that .
you unk_VBP freakin crazy .
well , all i could have to say , is that crazy man was n't dangled from a solitary ice axe at the 1500 feet of the ground , petrified comprehension .
nope , a crazy man would go let .
im not crazy .
ps later , my years isaac , a friend , tangled with another avalanche while climbing alone .
sadly , he 'd never made it out alive .
thanks for the reading .
if you 've enjoyed the short story above , please read the following chapters of a tear sample ( tear tear as torn . )
again , never see the past world as they remembered as one death would change destiny into the worlds forever .
lena 's energetic eight-year-old williams raced back and forth on the worn lawn as she chased the tiny moths that hidden themselves from the grass blades .
with each swipe of her hand , she expertly snatched the tiny white targets in midair , then released them back into the world safely .
oh , yeah .
unk_NN can see you like that .
lena asked proudly .
damn le , youre like a ninja or something , unk_NN replied .
beaming with pride , lena replied , too bad mom could n't see my skills .
shes working on le .
shell be home for a couple hours .
maybe you 'll show her then , answered .
moms always working , lena unk_RB said , then added , too bad we did n't have dad with unk_NNS at the next door .
then mom would stay home , too .
le you have dad .
he just ca n't come around , no more and unk_NNS mom does n't work , shes a lazy cause , unk_NN replied as delicately as he knew how .
lena stopped running and sat down next to unk_VB .
did you ever see your dad , unk_NN ?
lena asked sincerely .
not for a long time .
not since before he went to the prison .
that was before you were born , replied .
oh , lena simply said .
miss you , im .
he was n't around much even before he sent up , answered .
well , i miss my dad , lena replied .
damn le you 've never even seen im before .
how did you even miss im ?
unk_MD blurted out a quick reaction .
i just do unk_PRP sure he misses me too , replied lena .
unk_NN knew his sister was hurting her fathers rejection .
hoping to take her mind in her pain , he searched anything to distract her .
hey , le check out those moths over on the street .
bet you ca n't catch em all , unk_NN said with a challenging smirk .
bet i can , lena replied , laughing .
immediately , lena sprang to her feet and darted to the edge of the road , both hands sweeping through the air as she lunged for more moths .
unk_NN watched her for a moment , then became distracted by the older unk_NN of faded paint , slowly drifted to a sign of a stop at the beginning of their street .
at first , the long length of the time spent with a sign of a stop made an old sedan in conspicuous sight .
more of his attention focused on the car .
something just was n't right .
he squinted hard as he tried to see the darkened tinted windows , but it was no use .
the occupants remained the mystery .
unk_NN began to feel uneasy .
the old unk_NN was literally parked by a stop what a sign that now felt like eternity .
he glanced over at lena , then back to the suspicious car .
the knot in the pit of his stomach began to grow .
le come here for a minute , unk_NN said in a nervous tone .
just a minute of unk_NN .
i almost caught em all , replied lena , indifferent to her world .
unk_NN saw the brakes release the old unk_NN , then stop quickly again , almost as if by the accident .
he looked up the street to see if the vehicle had intended on pulling out but reconsidered due to another passing car .
there were strangely no other vehicles in sight .
come lena here , unk_NN said .
unk_NNS could use her hearing as a full name , lena stopped and stared at her brother for a moment .
she could see the peculiar look spread over his face as he turned back to the mysterious unk_NN .
whats the unk_NN in the matter ?
lena asked innocently .
that 's there for cars for a while .
maybe you can go to the house for a minute , replied unk_NN , now feeling the anxiety in the moment .
ahhh , lena sounded out in protest .
i do n't want to go inside .
its car just as unk_NN .
besides , i 'll take care of myself , lena stated proudly .
uh , sure , huh , you just get into the house , unk_NN responded bluntly .
just one more m. lena began , but cut short , revving the engine of the unk_NNS .
lena , get the damn house now .
unk_MD shouted loudly .
suddenly , aggressively , the old unk_NN released its brakes and stormed around the corner .
squealing , tires , and billowing car smoke , an old sedan that charged up the street toward them .
oh , no , unk_VB murmured to himself , almost sobbing in in the tone .
a little time to react , unk_VB sprang to his feet and hurried his sister .
lena stood paralyzed with confusion .
she knew something was wrong , but too young and naive to fully understand unk_NNS 's actions .
watched in horror as unk_NNS dark tinted windows began to lower .
seconds , his worst fears realized the occupants had extended their guns out from the windows .
a deafening sound came from their automatic weapons to life .
as the bolts of white light were streaked with the ends of the gun barrels , unk_NN lunged at lena , knocking her to the ground .
he instinctively rolled on top of her to protect her like a hail of bullets tore from the ground between them .
unk_NN faded , unk_NN past past , and lena lay motionless on the front lawn , unable to their minds and bodies to react .
a slow time , unk_NN seemed to almost count the bullets as they exited guns .
one one of each bullet had miraculously missed it as a mark .
unk_NN looked into his sisters ' eyes .
she would not hit .
suddenly he realized they were both alive , and it made a drive-by shooting .
unk_VB quickly leapt to his feet , pulling lena up behind him .
the sight spread alive , still two , quickly the car driver .
in an instant , he slammed his brakes and brought an old unk_NN to a quick halt .
throwing it in reverse , he immediately roared the backward street between unk_NN and lena .
seconds later , the driver slammed the brakes once more , and the heavy vehicle brought a quick stop .
lena grabbed the waist and sprang to the edge of the road .
with a stride like a gazelle , he bounded across the front lawn with amazing speed and agility , his adrenaline pumping in full capacity .
unk_NN came faded to a stop , all its doors flung open and the four young men exited the vehicle quickly .
their guns still drawn , they wasted no time in continuing their task .
unk_MD leaped into the top step of his front porch and felt a sharp razor-like strike strike on his side left .
before the first bullet could even register , the second bullet struck him on the right shoulder , rendering his arm useless .
instantly , lena dropped on the porch , collapsing on her unk_NN .
an eerie , quiet , neighborhood spread , four reloaded thugs .
knowing this was only their hope of survival as unk_NN crawled through the front door and tried to wrap his fingers around the lower corner .
with his hand covered with blood , they slipped off the edge of the door .
get le to stay in the house , low unk_NN ordered .
lena scared and crying , her brother lay , unable to move .
lena , get moving now .
unk_NN shouted .
im scared , lena whimpered .
you unk_VBP on the block .
go now hurry up .
unk_MD assured confidently .
reluctantly nodding , lena quickly stood up , and pulled the front door open as unk_NNS moved to shield her to four men nearby .
instantly , the roar of bullets unleashed a swath of destruction in front of the house , breaking the windows and knocking on the siding shingles .
as lena began to enter the house , another bullet entered unk_NNS lower back , knocking him forward , the door closing it momentarily from unk_NN 's body .
unk_MD rolled to his side and dropped down the porch deck once more .
lena cried out with fear and disbelief .
get lena inside .
go now .
unk_NN said , his voice barely now audible .
no , i can help you , lena replied with determination .
before the unk_NNS protest , lena reached down and grabbed him by his shirt .
she pulled all her unk_NNS , pushed at his feet .
suddenly , lena exhaled abruptly and sounded like a guttural moan as a bullet struck her in the chest .
immediately , she slumped to the ground , then rolled on top of unk_NN .
both victims down , four thugs ran back to the waiting car and sped off .
once again , the eerie quiet of the neighborhood swept the neighbors into one of the one ventured out to unk_NN .
further to the south , the mountain mountain stood with dr. unk_NNS , his wooden deck .
sadly , he checked his watch on unk_NN .
after a moment of solemn respect , he uttered a few simple words that would forgive me for lena .
save your death for thousands .
turning away , he stared out at the city and spoke .
dominoes were tumbling destiny now , unk_JJ , david .
flowing south placidly in the city , the river touched the edge of civilization , then abruptly changed civilization and headed north , the past mountain of signal .
patiently sitting on the elevated boulder , the young boy hung his makeshift , fishing pole with the water in an attempt to catch his breakfast .
looking at the city , he could see the tall stacks of smoke emitted by the evidence of the men toiling at the work .
the light blew a gentle breeze in the valley of grasses on the high plains , carrying it a fragrance of fresh cut hay and wildflowers .
the breeze brushed his face , filling his tiny nostrils with the scent of nature , and sending warm contentment through his body as the sun shined down beside him .
he reveled in his independence as he envisioned the other boys suffering at the school while he enjoyed his unk_NN day .
the city 's limits were in the sharpest bend of the river , with a small force of confederates guarded by the main dock and prepared for supplies to unload .
in the morning sun in the direction of the regimental captain , the men formed a human chain that led to the boat with horse-drawn wagons .
a hand in hand , they passed the goods and ammunition , one soldier in the next sequence , until the final soldier had arranged and stacked the supplies neatly back into the wagon .
at this hour of the day , the sun sat the cloudless sky was lower , warming the temperatures to be a comfortable seventy degrees .
if it was not their unk_JJS unk_JJS duty , the soldiers normally enjoyed the balmy climate .
when the wagon was completely filled , the driver snapped the reins of the horses team and started off to their encampment , unk_IN took the next line driver to his loading loading .
the dock dock swept the local elevated wooden walkway in front of his general store .
the rear entrance helped a young man with the heavy load sacks and other supplies , the waiting wagon , delivered by a local resident .
the boardwalk was further hard to the blacksmith and the livery at work , attending the needs of the community , as well as those of the confederate officers their belongings had entrusted their care .
the main thoroughfare of the secondary and unk_JJ roads dotted the tiny houses , roads leading into town .
unsuspecting and mostly indifferent to the violent world of their borders , they went for their lives contented in their own daily struggles .
- hidden - - hidden in the opposite side of the river , a dense thicket and underbrush , several companies of union sharpshooters lay wait .
quietly and undetected , they moved to the edge of the rivers in sneaking protection into the darkness .
perfectly concealed , they laid on their stomachs and waited for their signal .
they watched with anxious fascination for the confederates on the opposite side of the river , worked to unload their delivered supplies .
their rifles aimed at their targets , they unk_VBD time by calculating unk_NN and elevation .
the time seemed to slow as they waited for their death signal .
two hundred yards away , they were well aware of their ability to hit their mark .
spread out on the shoulder , shoulder , they presented a menacing sight .
wait , seemed to go on forever .
shifting their weight to the side of the side , they tried to alleviate their discomfort .
their arms and legs fell asleep ; they shook them out , unk_VBG the blood in their extremities , feeling gaining their hands and feet again , once again .
a few unlucky insects presented more of the distraction than the lack of their limbs were feeling .
find regularity , ants returning to their nest , their passage blocked the hulking mass blue .
the investigation of ants attacked angrily with any bare skin , biting and pinching a futile attempt to drive an enemy .
their feeble assault met equal aggression as a soldier swatted and crushed his irritating attackers .
their time was an enemy .
quietly waiting in the underbrush , each soldier pondered his own fate .
the foothills were away from the edge of the river , a union artillery waited for their unk_NN james orders , unk_RB .
his horse was high , barrel-chested and confident , he posed an impressive figure .
he sat pensively and observed the scene below .
lifting his unk_NN into his eye , he continued to look at the weakness and opportunity .
in the authoritative 's voice , he redirected the cannons down the line of specific targets as he developed his impromptu battle plan .
the union soldiers were manned by their artillery stations , they looked out the valley at the confederate soldiers drilling in formation in the far open field on the opposite side of the river .
several cannons were already directed at them , but with a quick nod of his head , unk_PRP ordered an additional cannon support from that location .
feeling somewhat detached from the impending doom confederates , they obeyed their orders and aimed indifferently at the deadly weapons in the center of the field .
standing on their designated cannon , each soldier mentally prepared himself for battle .
in their elevated position and protected by the river , they all relatively felt safe , that was safer for their comrades below the river .
they 'd survived the battles of the previous years and well seasoned their trade .
they knew there would be casualties , but felt relatively sure the element of surprise was fairly one-sided .
they looked down at their comrades , which crept up to the edge of the river just before dawn .
the sense of sadness and anxiety had come them over , knowing they were in harms way .
any retaliation of rebel forces would start them .
the thickets were well-hidden , the confederate soldiers would have a tough time unk_VBG the exact locations of each union soldier .
the confederates could hear the sound of the union rifles and fire in that direction .
most of the blue boys were lucky and the wild escape and harried of lead volleys .
some would not .
the previous 6th day in june , dr. unk_NN had been prepared for one of the supply wagons , an operating makeshift table in preparation for the impending battle .
the commissioned medical officer with a regular union army , he held captain rank .
the military serving most of his life , he was no stranger in the horrors of bring warfare .
his experience on the battlefield was extensive , the mexican-american unk_CD war served as various indian campaigns , and now the states war .
dr. morgan was stout , short , an older sixty man , a full head of white hair , a long white flowing beard , and piercing blue eyes .
far from the line of the front union , the doctor had searched for a suitable location to operate .
the protected grove of birch trees , he found a large flat area of lush green grass .
ordinarily , dr. preferred the protected confines of the houses and barns , the private citizens had commandeered the onset of battle .
the battle unk_NN started to the location , far removed from civilization in order to preserve the element of surprise , have a wooded clearing suffice .
the previous day while the unk_NNS unk_PRP had prepared his battle plan for dr. morgan scoured the foothills of the mountain signal on horseback .
as he rode up the rolling terrain , the trees and vegetation became less dense , allowing him to catch glimpses of the city .
leveling off , he rode a white birch forest , weaving through the path of denser areas until he found unk_RB , he recognized the qualities to find .
he deduced that the small field would allow the bright light to operate by , and the trees on the edge of the unk_NNS could provide a comfortable shade wounded as they recovered .
it was n't perfect , but he felt he 'd worked conditions worse while fighting west .
this was certainly more tolerable as long as the weather held good .
after locating the medical encampment of dr. morgan quickly summoned the wagon to be used to the operating gurney and prepared for his instruments .
the canopy removed he 'd neatly arranged his supplies on the right side , unk_NN 's wooden length .
within the reach of the arms , he had placed his instruments first , basin and canteen , water , next , then batting cotton , and the other last bandages .
in the head of the wagon , he 'd arranged the necessary supplies for an assistant , such as an unk_NN , bandages , and morphine , form of powder , as well as the unk_NN .
preparation for the surgeries in the place , he rejoined the front lines , offering his assistance where he could , assistant to watch their makeshift hospital in his absence .
the following day woke in june dr. battle day , early in a restful night sleep , one of the many cannons aimed at the city .
he offered the tent with accommodation , but the privilege had declined the special electing that it was rough as a cannon instead of putting the others out .
selfless man , he figured the boys of fighting and dying , at least granted the small pleasure of the comfort of the tent .
in the years of adapting to the rigors of warfare , he had learned to sleep , wherever he laid his head .
the new morning dawn had created the cool dew soaked in the unprotected parts of his body , mainly on his legs and boots , producing a mild discomfort .
unk_NN dried his clothing out completely , and he focused on his day duties .
filling up with unk_NN , a hard , unk_JJ cracker , and some water , he administered the various unk_NNS from the soldiers that reported a sick call while he ate .
dr. morgan was a compassionate and sympathetic man , older , but tough nonetheless .
his private philosophy was , " if you walk , you 'll fight . "
his accomplished duties for a moment , unk_EX ordered dr. morgan to his station with a reverent nod .
no words exchanged .
they were both seasoned with the military men who understood each other implicitly .
a respectful salute turned to the doctor and walked toward the soldiers readying themselves to their own stations .
he could now see unk_JJ anxiety in their faces as he made his way past , and he flashed them a courteous smile , trying to ease their worry .
- - - fire .
his sword lifted the exalted position of his head , unk_PRP roared in order to commence firing .
loud and great authority , he repeated his simple command over and over as he rode up the line .
instantly , his men responded , and fuses lit their cannons .
violent demons came from cannons to life as they reported with a thunderous roar , shaking the ground between them .
well-trained soldiers began their work .
three groups were loaded into one of the powder and unk_NN , one loaded with a shell or a heavy ball , and a third lit charge .
they were a machine working in perfect sequence and the timing to efficiently deliver the enemy , their deadly payload .
the valley became awake below .
the loud cannon above the cannon signaled the sharpshooters below to unleash their own deadly volley of destruction .
in reflex , they pulled their triggers and sent a tiny yet deadly pieces of lead to their deadly doom paths as they quickly reloaded their weapons with practiced speed .
they had the only second to think .
a startled jolt of town and the confederate soldiers who tried both place stood in their minds , quickly in the process of disbelief on their forthcoming death .
unable to move , they heard the whistle of air projectiles hurled around them .
those of their volley of volley waited and listened to the whistle quickly grew louder in a thunderous rush of air .
fate and misfortune collided , so did a shell and flesh .
the group of drilling confederate soldiers hit the first volley from its mark with deadly accuracy .
private , unlucky one , watched in horror as a shell found its mark in the chest of the unlucky companion marching in front of him .
the shell tore from his uniform , flesh and ribcage , instantly sensed him even in the mechanisms of an internal shell , the pressure of the impact .
a great explosion was fragmented with a canister , thousands of tiny projectiles , completely disintegrating the whole existence of soldiers .
there would be no burial for him as not , the remnant left his body .
continuing their way , the fragments of shell exploded now , fragments of their next victim , watching the soldier .
hot pieces of metal tore from his body , it severed his extremities as well as the buried molten metal in his own chest .
the lucky few of the initial impact escaped , the concussion of the shockwave shockwave ruptured their eardrums , disorienting them and rendering them useless .
other shells exploded , and the stunned helpless soldiers , the same gory results that affected the devastating loss of the entire company .
the waterfront of confederate soldiers unloading the supplies the same fate met their drilling comrades .
shells fell between them , exploding thousands of fragments and tearing their bodies , killing the closest to the impact while unk_VBG and unk_VBG the others further away from the epicenter .
the cries of agony heard as they fell .
the union sharpshooters unleashed their shot balls of lead balls that sailed in the shrill air , awful , telegraphing their intentions .
collapsing on the ground , many screamed out in agony , clutching their bleeding wounds in a desperate attempt to relieve death pain that quickly overcame them .
the others lay in torment , unk_JJ shock , quickly enveloped their bodies at the loss of blood .
all of the city with that first barrage of munitions had inflicted devastating damage .
not only the confederate targeted encampment , loading the docks into the river , telegraph offices , livery and blacksmith shops , also targeted .
anything that used further to the cause of the confederates had been targeted at the first volley of union fire .
the first discharge seconds of the union rifles and cannons sounded another round quickly , followed by a volley of third and fourth .
the next round of union sharpshooters lay more confederates , dead , and wounded , but this volley came from unk_NN , unions in exact positions .
the orders to aim low had returned the confederates of the fire to the lower river banks .
as just as the confederates were defensive , the union soldiers now , and scrambled for a moment , unk_VBG the smaller force of the fighting .
the command of the union limits out in the city had been loaded with confederates for several cannons .
tucked away in the grove of tall oaks , the protection of the elements , they easily missed their opposing force .
quickly , unk_JJ teams were loaded with their cannons and took careful aim at the union battery .
the command to fire the will , the confederates opened up the union forces that staged the foothills of a signal mountain .
visibility drastically reduced to the repeated cannon fire , the union forces struggled to see the targets .
in time , a brigade of union artillery saw heavy smoke in a confederate volley , it was too late .
instantly , thousands of fragments traveled to the point of impact , and found their victims as the two union soldiers stood by two cannons .
in the blink of the eye , their bodies most absorbed the fragments , nearly obliterating any proof of their existence .
blood and bone were splattered two cannons in a characteristically horrific pattern of death and destruction .
a second later , two more canisters roared first , two of these split the bluff impacting just below the union cannoning .
although the projectiles were embedded in earth and exploded , their destructive intention was not denied .
the crash of the tree as it hit the ground went unnoticed by the union forces , their destructive force turned into a cloud of confederate smoke far out from unk_NN .
with a wave of his sword , unk_PRP bellowed in order , the silence of cannons on the far edge of town .
quickly , three teams unk_VBD their cannons , confederate fading smoke , calculated the trajectory angle and lit their charges .
the cannons came from repositioned to life , their unk_NNS spewed the fire , smoke and metallic death , the recoil sending them reeling backward into their restraints .
violently jolted his lazy to stare up at the river , a young boy sitting in the elevated boulder fishing for his breakfast , nearly fell from reflex water to loud explosions .
he quickly gathered his things and jumped a rock rock , desperately fleeing the cover .
still on the bank of the river , he found two large boulders to hide behind , giving him a safe cover in violent exchange .
any attempt to make the land would expose them to the combatants and draw fire on either side .
they grabbed their poles even harder and strained to push the tiny raft faster into the river .
with a hand in hand , they pushed the flimsy poles , nearly breaking them as they rushed to evade harms way .
blisters formed a painful and quickly broke , leaving fresh blood at the length of the poles as they continued to push their lives .
standing on the left side of the raft , a warning , a single stray bullet whistled through the air , and impacted the back of the first trappers head .
the lead ball mushroomed and shattered his skull , propelling the brain bone and blood to the front of his tattered clothes and a river .
instantly , he fell overboard and floated downstream .
reality snapped him back to focus on another bullet , embedded in one of the raft logs fracturing it and sending tiny splinters into the water .
he looked back at the pelts of beaver and muskrat ; he was and his deceased friend now that had toiled over the previous two months .
he hesitated a moment , then grabbed a handful of beaver pelts from his rifle and a tiny unk_NN of money , then quickly jumped into the water .
struggling to stay afloat with the weight of the rifle , he kicked his boots wildly in the water .
as his head dipped to the surface , he was about to let go of the rifle when his feet had been bottom .
he pushed off the muddy river floor , and popped his head into the water , took a gasp from the air , and sunk into water again .
finding the bottom of the river once more , he launched his body unk_VBD on the surface and gasped for another breath of air .
as he sank back into the water , his head was now on the water line .
he managed to move close enough to shore that now wade to the land with his handful of safe belongings .
spotting a large boulder on the rivers ' edge , he made his way through it , keeping his head mostly submerged in cover .
like a boulder , he threw his pelts and unk_NN on the ground higher and positioned his rifle in defense .
wet and useless powder , he still aimed his weapon , hoping he had not called on to bluff .
shaking and scared by the young boy huddled close to the rock , having just witnessed the drama that trappers further unfold upriver .
in the age of seven tender , he 'd never seen a man killed before , and the sight of the old trapper 's violent death shook him in his core .
his world changed an instant , a graphic vision imprinted on his memory forever .
he wept openly as he watched the remains of an old man drift slowly downstream to him .
the corporal 's corporal , unk_NN fletcher , part of the unk_JJ assigned artillery team , was standing at his post when the first of four confederate shells exploded .
instantly , he dropped the ground in agony .
as he cried out in pain , he clutched the dangling flesh , trying irrationally to reattach it to the bone .
in his delirium , his world seemed slow .
no one noticed him as he sprawled on the ground with cannons .
as the bullets passed his head , he heard their whistle and the moment forgot about his injury in sense as self-preservation overtook him .
he rolled his belly and began to crawl .
pulling his arms and pushing his uninjured leg , he slowly worked his way through the cannon and the soldier , dragging the blood trail behind him .
the unk_JJ shock began to develop a loss of blood , the pain of his gaping wound became less noticeable .
he moved faster and more determination .
suddenly , the soldier lay on his path face down .
instantly , the skull soldiers exploded , covering corporal fletcher 's face with the blood of bits of brain and bone .
he jerked away from reflex and cried out with fear , only to feel the mind-numbing pain of his own injury .
as fear enveloped him further , he quickly crawled the deceased soldier and continued his path .
ahead ahead of several yards , he spotted a boulder for protection .
fear and anxiety coursed through his veins as he struggled to stay alive .
desperately deliberately , he stretched his hands out in front of him , clawing at anything he could use further to his escape .
as he crawled , the elevation dropped off slightly , allowing him more protection , bullets passing above .
he heard the sound of bullets ricocheting off the boulder and deflecting the trees behind him as he instinctively ducked the sound .
with his pumping adrenaline , he reached down his and dirt-stained shirt and ripped off the strip on its bottom edge .
the distance was short away , the private pulling of a horse-drawn ambulance , the painful shriek of corporal fletcher had heard thunder from the war .
this was his first pass through as he searched for casualties .
hearing the horrific screams , he snapped the reins of a team of horses and quickly located , suffering , barely conscious corporal , but still feeling his agony .
he leaped down from the unk_NN and ran his side into a canteen of cool water .
kneeling , he placed the canteen on corporal 's lips and slowly poured a few swallows into his mouth .
corporal fletcher , his grave state choked and coughed in the water , entered his mouth , causing him to cry out the pain once more .
instinctively , he pushed the privates hand away and opened his eyes .
in the weakened voice , he said , they killed me .
rebs killed me .
looking down at fletcher 's corporal blood pooled in his leg , private quickly realized the gravity of the situation .
as he reached the fading corporal lift , he replied nonsense .
doc would have to leg off no time .
you unk_VBP good as just a few days new .
he smiled as he spoke , hoping to lift corporal spirits .
even as the corporal 's deteriorated state , he knew the grisly torture that awaited him once back in the makeshift hospital .
he stiffened for a moment and looked down at his maimed appendage .
he envisioned a painful procedure , then a disfigured remnant that left a sad reminder of the reality of the war .
disheartened , he slumped in the arms of the private that struggled to lift him from the waiting ambulance .
sorry , private sincerely responded , although there was a little he could do to improve the wounded comfort .
moments later , his own screams of agony , he heard the cries of another wounded soldier loaded with a wooden ambulance .
he glanced over to see a young sixteen boy , thin hair , wavy yellow hair , roughly hauled on the gurney on the opposite side of the wagon .
the ghastly wound in his stomach , he did n't have long to live .
lying there in his agony , he cried out to god to end his suffering .
corporal fletcher could almost feel the young boy 's despair as he waited irrationally in vain for higher power to answer his dying prayer .
with the realization that he was all alone , he retreated to the far recesses of his mind , his last solace in solace .
rolling his head to the side of the side , he murmured under his breath , " mama mama . "
the young privates eyes widened a moment as he spoke quietly in the receiving tone , " mama .
i love you . "
as the corporals world went black , he slipped into unconsciousness , having some measure of relief that poor dying boy had brought him .
it was all he could do , and it was enough .
shortly after losing consciousness , the young boy quietly died at him , passing the horrific end of peace .
- dr. unk_NN paced back forth and forth in the operating wagon , envisioning the dead and the wounded in each report of the union cannons .
minutes felt like hours as he reached his pants pocket and pulled out his watch from unk_NN 's pocket .
he pressed a tiny gold timepiece button and popped the cover , exposing hands of time .
huh , only 10:30 , he said aloud , frustrated at how slow time felt moments of anguish .
he snapped , closed the cover , and shoved the watch back into his pants pocket once more .
his pacing returned , he gazed at the grove of birch trees , trying to view battle from his protected location .
barely visible to the columns of smoke and seen debris rising off the valley floor .
the sight made him wonder how the confederates were faring , and if their own surgeon was also pacing nervously .
it started to sound low , clicking , barely audible .
dr. first thought it was a cannon reverberating off the mountains , but the sound persisted , he recognized the distinctive repetitive sound .
it was the hooves of a team of horses as they trotted .
he strained his eyes in the direction of the sound , but still saw nothing .
he spun on his heels and ran into the operating wagon .
ok , ok , dr. dr. called out a deep , authoritative voice .
fetch my smock , he ordered , private nearby , sitting on the ground , sunning himself .
yes , sir , the private responded quickly , hopping to his feet .
he pulled into the clearing and rolled into the waiting operating wagon .
their morgan stood with clean white unk_NNS stood , dr. unk_NN , surgeon 's surgeon , george unk_NN was standing .
unk_RB resting unk_RB and unk_NN .
the horses came to a halt at the rear of the ambulance , just like an operating wagon .
immediately , dr. wounded ran and began his assessment .
there were three soldiers lying on their feet behind him .
he quickly saw fletcher 's corporal leg and the blood pool that collected it .
as he climbed up the ambulance , the private driving the wagon driving him in the middle .
pointing at the young sixteen boy , he shook his head sadly , and moved his gaze , private laying on the bottom of the wagon 's two wagon .
assessing dr. situation quickly pronounced the young boy dead and turned his attention to the two men who were still living .
fletcher , feeling corp. , had unk_NN 's injury , he motioned for two privates to carry him to the operating table .
immediately , the two lifted the gurney to the ambulance and over the other wagon .
as dr. cut away from the portion of the corporals , a pant unk_NN leg .
george unk_NN was prepared for unk_NN .
dr. looked up , while cutting and said abruptly save it .
he was unconscious .
i have his leg well off before he ever wakes up .
unk_NN stowed the unk_NN and replied , you think he 'll ever regain this consciousness ?
i do .
dr. simply added , then simply i could tie off those arteries , i think he was ok , that is if we can control the infection .
unk_NN just nodded as he jumped down off the wagon and came around back .
he stood for a moment and awaited further orders .
looking for a gruesome sight of unk_NN .
dr. watched unk_NN placed the mechanical unk_NN just on the knee and the femoral artery .
wrapping the leg strap , he pulled hard to tighten the band with cloth skin .
he then turned the large lever on unk_NN to take the slack in excess .
moments later , the blood oozed from the wound , the slight trickle slowed .
dr. morgan 's hands were already covered with blood as he reached his scalpel .
his pant leg was gone , corporal fletcher 's right leg , fully exposed .
starting to surface on the top of the leg , dr. unk_NN began as he explained the procedure to unk_VB .
while he operated , unk_VB .
right , i know this is your first time , so i can try as much explain practicable .
first , we can determine the closest point of the incision of the wound .
we 'd always try to leave as much of the unk_VBG limb as possible .
i say we can safely amputate an inch or so dr. wound said as he placed the scalpel on top of the leg .
looking up at his assistant , then fletcher up corp. to ensure he was unconscious , he was ready now .
right , then .
start on top of here , he said , pointing at the scalpel .
we could pierce the skin of the upper unk_NNS , that was cutting unk_NN and just a muscle .
this was really quite simple to him unconscious .
at the bottom , he reached for a leg , coming up underneath the opposite side and continued to make his incision up on the other side , ending his first point of incision .
unk_JJS , incisions quick , so two .
unk_NN barely had time to comprehend .
ok , i need you to pull back the first layer as i cut down the bone .
just careful your fingers , though .
i 'm moving pretty fast here , and we do n't want an accidental unk_NN of any of your digits , ok ?
dr. asked .
unk_NN nodded nervously at his head and placed his unk_JJ fingers on the incision and began to pull back the skin , opening it wider against dr. morgan .
as he did this , he asked the question .
sir , why do n't we cut right down to the bone first pass ?
was n't it faster ?
looking up at his assistant , dr. morgan replied , good question , lad .
we can do this to pass one , but we lose precision as we slice a deep muscle .
the remaining stump usually ends up , grossly disfigured , so more acceptable than more , frequently leaving the appendage quite painful for use .
practice accepted was a double incision as we were doing now .
we could produce a stump that could retain more muscle tissue covering the bone , making it less painful as well as a more useful appendage .
unk_NN nodded , then turned his attention to his fingers as he pulled the incision open .
dr. reached for a scalpel bladed longer .
the first pass , the doctor had sliced deeply into flesh , though slicing a vein of muscle and tendons , hitting the bone and increasing the blood flow from the table .
as he instructed unk_RB .
unk_NN pulled back to the freshly sliced muscle as the doctor worked quickly .
reaching a leg , once more the doctor continued his unk_JJ incision to the bottom , and worked his way to the top .
his hands saturated with blood , he reached for a long strip of a few cloth wide inches .
he worked the bone , then pulled up each end of the strip , suspending lightly on the moment 's leg .
he then pulled the cloth up with a leg , pulled higher muscles up to the bone .
ok , we pulled the bone muscles higher .
i cut the bone as close to the cloth as i can , without cutting it into a cloth , that is .
when we release the cloth , the muscle spring in the back of its original position , covering the bone with a couple of inches , allowing for a greater cushioning , dr. dr. .
he reached for his saw and placed his thumb on the guide bone .
resting , saw his thumb , he pulled the two times of himself , leaving the small pilot slot on the cut start .
he then began to aggressively saw the bone .
in seconds , he was nearly a bone as he began to slow .
in the end , he only pulled , saw himself , insuring a splinter that was not bone .
the last saw pull detached from the completely lower upper leg .
at the end , a foot of a top-heavy table rolled to one side with its own weight , and the table fell on the grass below .
blood pooled in the end of the stump as an assistant released the holding cloth cloth .
quickly reaching for the unk_VBN needle , the doctor began to tie off the various vessels of blood , starting the femoral artery .
right , then .
see those strands of look of tiny pieces of twine .
they were various vessels of blood , the lower leg supplied with blood .
those all need to be tied off , or he would bleed to death , the doctor said as he worked .
bleeding completely stopped , he slowly released the unk_NN and watched the unk_NNS at the end of the stump .
seeing none , he then began to sew up the exposed wound .
he quickly pulled the extra skin from the muscle and began to stitch them .
when he was a unk_NN done , he allowed unk_RB .
unk_VB the end bandage while he rinsed off his tools and threw a bloody foot into the basket that carried away later .
turning to his assistance , he said dryly , let 's hope that was n't too many of these today .
unk_NN just nodded .
the whole bloody experience was almost too graphic for him as he tried to process the procedure in his mind .
right , let 's have a fellow look on the other , shall we ?
the doctor asked rhetorically .
faster than they could operate , the privates carried the more wounded union soldiers in the operating wagon .
quickly working to overcome numbers , dr. dr. set up another operating wagon with unk_NN .
work working on the side of the side , dr. monitored his assistants .
the two working doctors had disappeared into a basket that used to dispose of the limbs since long at the carnage .
a stench of heavy iron air hung from the blood that spewed wounded .
blank and pallor faces , some stared out into nothingness in reality of deadened shock .
the others winced and grimaced under each breath , they took , and still the others cried out in agony , each time dying for a thousand deaths .
hearing the suffering of their countrymen had only served to stiffen that both doctors would resolve save more men .
the day and night , two surgeons worked frantically to save injured and dying .
their exhaustion set in and hysteria and despair overwhelmed them that they searched themselves for the strength to continue .
eventually , their own bodies and minds began to fail them .
they pushed themselves into limits of human endurance .
the battle was not complete yet ; they both knew that tomorrow would bring death further and pain .
if they were going to service young men risking their lives in their country , they 'd both need some much deserved rest .
the last light flicker of nearly spent oil lamps made surgeons of soaked blood in their way , on the other side of the clearing , their tents , two canvas .
with a quick change of clothing , they laid down on their cots and quickly fell asleep .
dr. unk_NN burst from david , swinging wooden unk_NNS and headed for the scrub station .
" ok , what do we have ? "
he asked as he turned the water and pulled the dispenser of the soap , releasing a large dollop in his hands .
vigorously , he scrubbed his fingertips on his elbows as he listened to his supporting staff for him in the emergency .
" the doctor , we have a gunshot victim , entry and an eighth rib entry to the seventh and eighth rib in the abdomen entry .
her belly was distended , filling up with blood .
her vitals were eighty-five , sixty , sixty .
her output of foley was bright with red and shes unk_JJ with the loss of blood .
triage her triage and already infused with 2 plasma unk_NNS , " replied the surgical unk_NN of the resident unk_NN as he scrubbed too in for the emergency surgery .
" so she 's prepped ? "
dr. unk_NN asked .
" yes , a doctor .
prepped and ready , " dr unk_NN replied .
" films ? "
dr. unk_NN asked with abbreviated speech to function in his occupation .
before he could receive the answer , the surgical unk_NN of the nurse burst into the door .
pulling her mask from her face , she anxiously reported , " doctors , you better hurry .
her vitals were dropping fast .
unk_NN 's fifty-five eighty , eighty-five with the pulse of the pulse . "
hesitation , dr. unk_NN , quickly responded , " gloves and gown now .
and set up a unk_NN tray in just case unk_NN . "
both doctors washed the soap from their hands and arms quickly as the pressure and anxiety of the situation worsened .
we 'll get the ultrasound here .
dr. unk_NN asked as he started to tie his gown .
yes , unk_NN .
dr. unk_NN replied urgently .
moving through the double doors , dr unk_NN heard the sounds of alarms reported medical equipment coldly as a patient crisis .
he scanned the various devices on levels of patients , which continued to drop the danger zone .
as he rushed to the side of the patients , dr. unk_NN 's eyes widen in disbelief as he realized the age of a tiny victim .
" my god , shes just a baby .
how old is she ? "
" eight years , " replied unk_NNS , nurse , exposing her voice sadly to what disguised her mask .
whats her name ?
dr. unk_NN asked .
the chart says lena williams , nurse replied .
shaking his head in disgust , he listened to the unk_JJ monitor , sounded slower , slower , and become erratic .
immediately , he reacted to instinct .
she needs the volume now .
hang with another two in the rapid unk_NN , he said , his voice showing the strain on the youth of his patient weighed heavy on his mind .
seventy unk_NN , fifty and dropping , an ox , the pulse was eighty-two , dr. unk_NN informed his mentor and colleague .
i just lost her pulse as the nurse cried out on the unk_JJ monitor , sounded in the unmistakable tone of a flat line .
push the unk_NN amp .
paddles was in charge of fifty fifty unk_NN retorted back .
unk_NNS had wheeled the nurse quickly with a defibrillator , and the setting was programmed to unk_VB while charging external fifty unk_NNS paddles .
she quickly handed them dr. unk_NN , then injected unk_CD amp with the patients ' iv .
dr. unk_NN 's prepared paddles , dr. unk_NN , scanned the young patients in the belly of the ultrasound .
rotating , metallic , small , angles of various wand , showed images on the monitor , confirming their suspicions about hidden trauma .
the conductive gel of dr. unk_NN had placed one of the paddles on the upper right clavicle , and the one just below applied and the nipple of young patients had left the left .
dr. clear unk_NN called out .
dr. unk_NN broke off his examination , just as dr unk_NN depressed the buttons on the paddles , delivering charge of the heart as well as the other nearby organs .
the body of patients convulsed in the current coursing through her .
her chest heaved and expanded , then fell and contracted back to the table .
three medical personnel focused on the unk_JJ monitor for signs of activity .
they held their breath in vain , the monitor continued to report the single monotone sound of the flat line .
still , unk_JJ dr. unk_NN cried out .
heard desperation as he spoke .
fifty again , dr. unk_NN called out once more .
he 'd replaced paddles in the previous locations and delivered the second charge .
again , the patient tiny body convulsed .
sinus unk_NN , dr. unk_NN cried out in relief .
dr. unk_NN roughly placed the paddles on the back tray .
he asked , dr. unk_NN now resumed his examination with a nervous sweat unk_VBG up his brow .
the belly was full of blood .
looks like some major hemorrhaging where the bullet hit spleen , pancreas and kidney .
the rib was broken too eighth .
dr. unk_NN replied , now regaining his composure .
ok , the blade was eight dr. unk_NN requested .
even for years of experience , the thought of slicing the poor little girl that lay in front of him felt the offensive .
dr. unk_NN , strengthened by his resolve , and made his incision cutting through various tissue layers , flowed freely through the opening .
immediately , the unmistakable stench of blood and the fecal matter wafted from their protective masks .
he finished the incision and called the clamp .
unk_NNS placed the nurse on the clamp on his hand .
dr unk_NN was positioned on the clamp , holding the incision open as he tried to examine the damage with the draining blood .
dr. unk_NN unk_NN called out .
dr. unk_NN inserted the probe into the incision and began to suck out excess blood .
be careful to watch the trauma .
work on colon , unk_NN .
clean out as much as that fecal matter as possible , dr. unk_NN cautioned dr. unk_NN had worked .
got it , dr. unk_NN replied , carefully sucking up the blood and debris of the abdominal cavity .
a better view , dr. unk_NN could see dr. organs now , more clearly .
it was apparent to the pancreas spleen and colon as well as the left kidney had some form of trauma .
i need unk_CD unk_NN and unk_CD needle now .
did anyone know the bullet caliber ?
dr unk_NN asked as unk_NNS handed the nurse to him with a needle and unk_NN .
do n't look small , that 's all i know , dr. unk_NN replied , still unk_VBG colon .
looks like dr. .22 informed unk_NN .
a small entry wound , but the heavy internal shockwave trauma as it passed through at high velocity .
unk_NNS asked the nurse .
while dr. unk_NN worked at the repair of the damaged spleen of dr. unk_NN , edward 's question of the nurse answered .
the bullet travels pushes it in the air of the way , creating a field of turbulent air as a bullet .
just awful awful unk_NNS as a nurse replied sadly .
dr. unk_NN called out as he worked quickly .
seventy-five unk_VB , fifty eighty of the pulse ox , replied the nurse , she was bleeding everywhere , dr. unk_NN complained .
he turned to dr. unk_NN and instructed him to repair the unk_NN colon .
looks like we have a small puncture unk_NN puncture .
you can repair it while i attend spleen .
i was it .
eight unk_NN blade , and unk_CD and unk_NN were standing by as dr. unk_NN rattled off in quick succession to nurse unk_NNS .
gotcha , dr. unk_NN replied , slightly embarrassed by his unk_NN .
as they both worked frantically to repair the damaged organs , the flow of blood went nearly unabated .
unk_NNS kept the nurse in a careful eye trained on the monitors as well as the doctors , anticipating their needs of their requests .
the doctors were dropping unk_NN again , sixty-five sixty-five .
the ox 's very pulse low , seventy-seven , the nurse announced the nurse .
dammit , where was she bleeding ?
dr. unk_NN asked rhetorically .
we unk_VBP working in areas now , dr. unk_NN unk_NN replied .
no no loss of this much blood has a much larger source of unk_NN unk_NN or aorta as dr. unk_NN speculated .
we unk_VBP nowhere in those areas .
the bullet exited out her back in the kidneys , dr. unk_NN replied .
i know , but this much blood loss is n't adding up .
the bullet missed unk_JJ and unk_JJ veins and arteries .
this is n't just dr. unk_NN 's organs , replied .
two doctors worked feverishly to repair the damaged and bleeding organs from the patients ' vitals , continued to fall .
the spleen and unk_NN of unk_NN had been repaired the two moved by the pancreas and left the kidney .
more than unk_NN unk_NN , dr. unk_NN instructed dr. unk_NN .
he then glanced up and asked the unk_NNS of the nurse , how in our supply .
she was taking the blood faster than we could give it , she retorted back instantly .
hang with another two units , dr. unk_NN requested anxiously .
dr. unk_NN can see you like this .
dr. unk_NN asked .
you agree the bullet entered the abdomen , broke the rib , and continued spleen , the pancreas , and a kidney .
it appears that way , why ?
dr. unk_NN asked as he worked a kidney .
dammit , you know what that .
that 's another entry from the wound , dr. unk_NN replied .
eight blade and unk_JJ saw the unk_NN .
he said the nurse to unk_NNS .
two bullets .
but only one entry wound dr. unk_NN replied in disbelief .
i know .
two bullets entered the same location , dr. unk_NN responded as he accepted the scalpel from the unk_NNS of the nurse and began to make a long incision under the breastbone of patients .
i knew something was n't right .
the .22 caliber did n't break a rib , then have enough energy remaining to tear all these organs .
more than one bullet , and i was betting its also cause of a massive loss of blood , he explained as he finished his incision .
what about the odds of being happening ?
i mean two bullets of the same entry wound .
dr. unk_NN asked rhetorically , shaking his head now in further disbelief .
unk_JJ saw dr. unk_NN asked next , then added , i 'd never guessed it if i had n't seen it in my own eyes .
quickly , the nurse handed dr. nurse saw .
placing it in the base of the sternum , he began to cut through the breastbone , the smell of bone and blood penetrating their masks , and their nostrils .
moments later , he 'd done .
dr. unk_NN 's rib unk_NN requested .
anticipating his request for the nurse 's unk_NNS , handed him the instrument immediately .
inserting it directly into the incision , he turned the lever and separated enough of the ribs in view of the cavity in the upper chest .
dr. probe unk_NN requested the nurse unk_NNS .
he called then , dr. unk_NN to begin unk_VBG areas open .
as he did as dr. unk_NN examined the cleaned areas .
more unk_NN .
i need more unk_NN , dr. unk_NN asked with frustration .
oh , man , we 'll have the trauma of inferior unk_NN unk_NN .
i need a unk_NN of unk_CD and unk_NN .
working feverishly to repair the bleeding profuse , the needle contacted something hard .
at first , he thought it was a rib fragment , but dr. closer inspection unk_NN realized that it had been a second bullet .
it was there .
the forceps dr. unk_NN requested in the almost frantic tone .
he inserted the forceps into the cavity , gently pushing the unk_NN unk_NN unk_NN and gently extracted a deformed and mangled bullet .
the edges of the tiny razor blades .
they sliced through the veins of contact , he announced .
there would be a dozen fissures to repair .
as he unceremoniously tossed the clamped bullet and forceps in a stainless steel container , he continued to unk_VB tears in the damaged vein and surrounding organs .
moments later , dr. unk_NN watched the heart began to slow .
just then , the unk_JJ monitor sounded .
he placed quickly , his gloved heart gloved and began to squeeze , attempting to manual heart unk_NNS even before unk_NNS could speak to the nurse .
the doctor , pea , she 's the unk_NNS of the nurse announced .
push another unk_NN amp , and the internal paddles is in charge of dr. fifteen unk_NN demanded .
handing him the paddles , they would watch as he inserted them into her chest cavity and placed them in heart still .
there were none to be heard .
twenty charge .
another 6 unk_NNS now .
dr. unk_NN called frantically again .
he was shocked by the heart , sending the current deep within , but no effect .
the unk_JJ monitor continued to report to its menacing line in the flat tone .
dammit , god , unk_JJ .
dr. unk_NN shouted out loud .
as he continued the manual unk_NNS , he called out once more thirty charge .
inserting internal paddles again , he delivered a massive jolt to the patient heart .
in horror and sadness , they watched the monitor register no change .
dr. unk_NN frantically searched his mind for a solution as he continued the manual unk_NNS .
even after his years of education and training , the damage was too extensive for him to overcome .
he pulled his hands off her chest and stood back .
his gloved hands dripping fresh blood off the floor , he hung his head low .
call it , he mumbled quietly .
unk_NNS called the nurse by the time of death , he stood motionless as he watched the lifeless body of the young girl .
his mind raced as he stared at the carnage in front of him .
he thought smiles that she had displayed just a few hours before .
he thought of the hugs her mom had given her that morning , and the pain was feeling parents forever .
he thought her violent death and it was all injustice .
deeply saddened and sickened by the grievous sight , he could no more stand .
he turned and walked out that or doors all oblivious to a state of shock and disbelief .
his gown soaked with blood and his gloves , dripping from the red path to him , he made his way down the elevator corridor .
state blurred and confused , he was unable to hear his name called as he walked .
standing in front of the elevator , he pushed the button .
instantly , the doors sprung open .
he looked back into the hallway to nurse unk_NNS calling his name , but nothing heard .
as if in slow motion , he stepped in and doors slowly , closed him .
dr. unk_NN .
dr. unk_NN , stop .
the nurse called unk_NNS as she ran down the elevator corridor .
too late .
she watched the doors closed behind him .
as she stared at the bloody footprints that seemed to vanish the elevator doors , she caught a slight movement of her peripheral vision .
looking up , she watched sadness at the droplet of the blood pooled , then slide down the elevator button .
reaching into her pocket , she pulled out a tissue and wiped reverently off the sad remains of the young victim unk_VBG her memory , forever in the pain of a senseless tragedy .
in dr. daze , david 's unk_NN stood in the middle elevator and stared at the old photo hanging on the back wall .
the metal doors closed behind him , he felt a small shudder , then a slight drop as he became momentarily weightless as the elevator began to descend .
ignoring the fact that he was not pressed on the floor to descend to , he felt any place but or a good place .
he just wanted to forget .
the elevator descended slowly .
as struggled to free his mind of tragedy , his eyes began to focus on the picture in front of him .
first at first , then more detailed as he descended , the photo came to focus .
he was no longer staring at the photo , but it was directly .
somehow it helped soothe the pain that gnawed away from his soul .
the photo was antique in the reflection of the past , a unique display of history that showed how unk_JJR the hospital came to pass .
the photo was a group of civil war doctors , standing like a patient , recent unk_NN .
standing patient , dressed in uniform , their bloody unk_NNS , still fastened them , several military doctors proudly stood in the photo .
and determined , their faces were devoid of all the expression , one pride hardened .
on the left side of the photo , the old man on a rickety stool sat .
his white flowing with beard and hair , he looked much older than his more unk_JJ colleagues .
he too wore a bloody smock , and his face also carried the expression of pride .
yet something else shone with the wisdom of the old mans eyes .
while the others looked at the camera , he looked at it as if thought deep and oblivious to its presence .
he appeared somewhat accidental on the purpose of the photos .
the bottom of the photo read the inscription on the original hospital site of unk_CD unk_NN .
the doctors gazed at the photo .
he looked at the bulbous bandage and barbaric , the leg of poor soldiers .
feeling contempt swept through his body .
then , in a fit of rage , he punched the picture of the wall , the glass shattering and dropping to the elevator floor , cracking the cheap plastic frame .
the sound of shattering glass of glass and cracking snapped him back into reality .
he bent over and picked up the old photo , leaving the broken glass shards still on the elevator floor .
he began to replace the picture on the bent hook when he felt his knees begin to buckle slightly , the elevator began to stop .
a moment later the sound heard from the elevator bell settled on its floor .
suddenly he saw his gloved hands sticky with drying blood , holding a framed picture that held out in front of him .
he looked down at his gown and realized he was covered in blood , the fact that his attention moments before escaped .
the mechanized sound of heavy metal doors signaled their opening , he felt the brush of a balmy light breeze on his neck .
the air suddenly felt dense , as if the humidity had increased dramatically dramatically .
a strange yet familiar odor drifted over him and penetrated his nostrils .
turning around to investigate , he stiffened and froze in place .
his eyes took the sight of him , his mind struggled to make sense of the scene through the elevator doors .
his heart began to pump wildly and his whole body shook .
he felt he was dreaming , but before never had a dream felt so real .
hey , you .
come here .
i need you to hold his leg , heard just the elevator door .
unk_MD squinted at first , then rubbed his eyes and refocused on the vision behind him .
several yards away , he watched the man dressed in blue 's military uniform , stood by another man laying on a wooden gurney .
standing , a familiar man looked at him , and he searched his mind to make a connection .
hey , come here .
i need your help now .
im almost finished , the voice called again by the elevator door .
unk_MD looked around at the elevator , then over the control panel .
the bottom of the panel was labeled a circular button , highlighted by g .
he thought it strange that he ended up on the ground floor as he not pushed any of the buttons on the panel .
he turned back to the scene unfolding in front of him .
the light of the breeze was blowing balmy still in his face and a strange odor , foul now , and offensive , still penetrated his nostrils .
suddenly it dawned on him .
a man before him was the same man standing in the picture .
the picture in his hands looked then back at the man in the elevator .
he was indeed a doctor , a unk_JJ man with a white flowing beard and hair .
this one strange dream said out loud .
he felt confused about the vision .
whoa , im seeing the color of this dream .
how was this possible ?
he asked no particular one .
you unk_VBP just going to stand there or you unk_VBP going to help me .
an old doctor called out to david in frustration .
the thought about answering him , but it thought silly .
its just dream , he thought about himself .
then , reconsidering he rationalized himself what to harm .
the old man called what you want me to do .
tear that cloth with strips , the old doctor responded immediately , pointing at the mound of cloth on the grass at the wagon 's foot .
hesitated at first .
something in his gut was telling him not to go .
he felt paralyzed with indecision , but then , throwing caution in the wind , he stepped forward .
as he passed the elevator doorway and stepped out from the grass , a slow time seemed a moment .
he heard voices and sounds as if they played him with half speed .
sam turned and took a step toward the grass .
time seemed to resume its normal speed .
he suddenly heard the deafening sounds of thunder and recognized the foul stench of rotting flesh .
what the hell ?
loud out said a wave of fear and confusion spread over his body .
heard the son i really need your help here , as an old voice shouted him .
turned and looked at the old doctor , then back to the spot on the grass used to the elevator .
suddenly , a loud clap of thunder sounded just like birch trees , shaking the ground to his feet .
thunder , he heard the screams of agony , and realized hearing hed sounds , not after all , but in fact , the artillery explosions .
instinctively , the old doctor ran frantically searching for the cover as he closed the distance .
the old doctor seeing the intense fear in davids eyes recognized the developing problem .
he pulled away from his patient and moved quickly to intercept .
whoa , son .
youre no danger , an old doctor called david , as he ran toward him and grabbed his arms , reassuring him for his safety .
those bombs .
theyre trying to kill us , almost hysterical .
the doctor casually looked at david 's raging war , then back in his eyes , and replied , " well , i suppose they are , but we 'll range their artillery . "
a confused expression crossed his face as he spoke .
" that 's quite an unusual uniform you have on .
what outfit are you ? "
" outfit ? "
unk_MD replied , still in a deep state of shock .
" outfit , lad .
what outfit are you ?
who is your commanding officer ? "
doc questioned the old bit of suspicion , then added , " do n't tell me you gray . "
about to speak when another shell hit the bank of just birch trees , startling both he and an old doctor .
a quick look on david 's shoulder , then patient his back to the wooden wagon , refocused the doctor on his duty .
" this way , lad .
we have to work to do , " the old doctor said as he extended his hand in the patient direction , an invitation to david to follow him .
quickly they walked back to the wagon , the doctor leading the way .
the lord knows he 's suffering enough when he wakes without us fidgeting with his bandage , so quick for your work . "
sam pulled off his rubber gloves and tucked them in his pocket .
as he looked around , he could hear the cries of agony from the sounds of war , the smell of death , and suddenly he realized this was no dream .
this was real .
he was now existing in another era at the time during the civil war of the unk_NNS .
as he tore off each cloth strip , he handed it to the old doctor who had used it to secure unk_NN bandages in place .
as he worked , the old doctor began to interrogate his new assistant .
" i 'll see the surgery with you already .
i ca n't recall another medical unit here .
where did you come from ? "
the old doctor asked casually as he worked .
his mind searched the answer suitable for the old man .
he knew he did n't say he was in the future .
quickly , he 'd devised the cover story until he could make a sense of his dilemma .
" i have medical training and thought i could use , hoping his answer would suffice .
uh , huh , and where do you come from ?
allow me more direct .
you unk_VBP gray or blue .
the old doctor asked without breaking his concentration .
neither was i a doctor .
i was just a trained medically individual , wants to lend a hand to these poor boys , replied .
young man , you unk_VBP a deserter .
the old doctor asked bluntly .
no sir .
i 'm not a military david responded .
he knew to keep questions coming , and he needed to find a better reason for his presence .
he then had the idea .
the doctor in the truth , i need the job .
id like to join the military to in order to practice the medicine .
i was a very skilled practitioner and feel real i could use here , finished , hoping he had n't overplayed his abilities .
hmm , a skilled practitioner you say .
where are you trained ?
you unk_VBP a doctor .
the old doctor said , continuing his interrogation .
yes , i was a doctor .
i was trained in new england at harvard university .
you heard it .
asked , if his ivy league alma was the mater , would n't raise even more suspicion , unsure .
harvard you say .
we unk_VBP unk_VBN here for sure .
my assistants mean well , but the boys are bumbling in the country , if you understand my inference , the old doctor said as he winked at david .
completely the doctor replied back with an understanding smile .
well , the doctor you have a name .
the old doctor asked , now warming david a bit .
yes , sir .
dr. my name was david unk_NN .
i ask what your name is .
the kind responded .
my name is unk_RB morgan , dr. replied , his modesty eliminating fancy titles by his name .
he tied the last bandage and lifted his head .
with piercing eyes , he stared directly at davids .
slowly , he extended his hand in greeting .
im pleased to make your acquaintance with david .
now , if you can indulge me for a while , id like to see your abilities .
i have a young man waiting for the unk_NN id like you to attend to .
if you prove your skill , i 'll consult unk_NN 's employment unk_NN .
this accord was satisfactory .
dr. blunt sincerity asked .
where was the patient ?
unk_MD replied , trying to contain his confidence .
dr. private signaled to bring up the next patient .
his crude operating environment was viewed as shock .
he had n't thought of it at that moment , but he was trained to operate in a highly technical environment .
this was as primitive as he could imagine .
he was n't sure he could do it .
dr. sensed davids apprehension and said you unk_VBP sure you unk_VBP up to this .
it was a bit more primitive than i used to , but i could manage , replied .
son , i do n't want you to manage .
i want you to perform the trained operator .
these young men deserve more butcher or charlatan .
if you unk_VBP either , please speak the truth that dr. stated boldly and conviction .
as the doctor , i can assure you my skills as a more surgeon than adequate .
as the assistants laid the next wooden wagon agony , the agony of the young soldier could see and immediately began his assessment .
basic equipment to understand the signs of vital patients would only make limited observations .
he quickly took the pulse of patients , and it was determined to be normal weaker .
next , he checked the pupil dilation and reaction to the match .
satisfied , he then examined the patient mouth on the tongue and the skin of dehydration and color .
he observed , his skin color pale and felt pale .
in addition , the young man seemed somewhat withdrawn and lethargic .
trying not to move the traumatized leg too much , he moved only slightly it , cutting away a pant leg .
he observed that a large caliber bullet had indeed passed the calf , but the gaping wound left upon exiting .
determined to be saved by careful cleaning and repair in a leg , although antibiotics was problematic for post treatment .
immediately , the young man 's undamaged leg bent on the knee , leaving the traumatized leg laying flat .
he moved then in the front of the wagon , grabbed the blanket , and draped it over the patient .
" dr. unk_NN is what your assessment is . "
dr. concern questioned .
" the patient suffering of mild , unk_JJ shock .
i was making some effort to stabilize him with invasive surgery .
a bullet bore large indeed left a great deal of calf trauma , but i believe i can save a leg . "
his school courses recalled the unk_NN of the choice unk_NN of this period .
he continued , " we have unk_NN ready . "
unk_MD asked .
" the doctor i can protest .
his leg was damaged too badly .
we 'll remove it before unk_PRP develops , " dr. morgan said .
" i examined the wound and feel it was relatively clean , thanks to his pant leg , protecting the trauma .
proper cleaning , i could repair the muscle , veins , and arteries , but need a strong cleansing solution and freshly boiled water .
i believe he 'll have some degree of infection , but chance is much lower , replied you , " replied .
" veins of veins and arteries .
is this possible ? "
dr. asked incredulously , then added with great " concern and what if the infection spreads and unk_NN develops . "
" we can amputate , but then he 's no worse off than if we 've amputated now .
at least we can give him a chance to save a leg , reasoned . "
" hmm .
do you really think you can do this ?
save his leg . "
dr. asked , now intrigued by david 's plan .
" i can only assure you that he wo n't die in my care though his leg is saving these conditions is n't going to be easy , responded . "
dr. unk_VBN his long white beard as he contemplated the procedure .
he looked over at the patient , then back david , deep in worry as he struggled to trust this mysterious doctor who appeared just minutes before .
see the old man 's forehead as furrow he thought .
a moment later , david saw a worried expression leave the old man 's face .
he now began to smile a bit as he came to grips with his decision .
" ok , son .
tell me exactly what you need , " dr. replied finally .
" two pots of boiling water distilled or grain alcohol , soap , and clean unk_NNS . "
" it 's going to take some time to collect these things .
every this operation . "
dr. asked .
" keeping boiling water is the only time consuming consideration responded . "
the fire was already smoldering in the early morning usage , so dr. more wood tossed over the coals .
twenty minutes later , the two pots of water boiled wildly as dr. sorted , the instruments required to perform the surgery .
resigned to his selection , placed the instruments on the water boiling unk_NN .
satisfied with his cleansing , he slowly washed the soap .
dr. unk_VBN looked display at this strange doctor .
the medicine man for more thirty-five years , he regarded prep work as the shenanigans reserved for roadside unk_NNS means to disguise their lack of content .
sam looked over and see contempt in dr. unk_NNS 's eyes .
he knew the old doctor was losing his patience , and with that lost he was too losing what little credibility he had .
quickly set up a young soldier .
the help of the old doctor had unk_VBN the patient in the matter of minutes .
the patient looked out at dr. closely .
put his unk_JJ gloves , and then applied a generous amount of moonshine he 'd obtained the old doctor in the area of the wound , an effort to sterilize it .
ok , doctor , as you see , the patients ' leg will be torn up pretty badly .
im going to make an incision back to the calf to inspect and then repair any damage i can find .
as if on cue , dr. look moved closer .
david then brought out a pair of unk_NNS used to hold open the incision .
he delicately placed the instrument in the incision and expanded it , giving him a good view of the wound .
next , he rinsed out the incision , the salted water solution he 'd prepared for surgery .
dabbing at excess blood , he would be able to see the damaged muscle tissue and a torn vein .
using his scalpel , he cut away , torn , and the mangled muscle tissue .
again , he rinsed out the interior of the moonshine wound and his makeshift solution to unk_CD .
the smallest needle in the old doctors bag of instruments began to sew the reconstructed muscles as well , arteries , using a very few sutures to accomplish his task .
now the sutures would remain there forever , but the body would adapt to them .
i believe this will take care of this side of the wound , replied softly , completely engrossed in his work .
he closed the entry wound and move more extensive damage to the other side of the calf .
dr. looked in total fascination .
before never before he 'd seen or even heard the surgery so delicate and so complicated that such ease and skill had been performed .
eagerly , he waited for david to attempt the more difficult operation area .
after watching the first phase of the operation , indeed proven himself as a surgeon of quite gifted .
dr. now watched any spectator , a professional watch in his element .
he was in awe and excited to observe even greater medicine feats .
once again , david did his best rinse and clean the wound with a salted water solution , and then it would sterilize distilled alcohol .
pulling the scalpel from the hot water , he began to work the damaged muscle tissue of the exit wound .
the damage was much more extensive , but manageable .
as he removed the tissue , he temporarily close the wound to ensure the proper shape of the reconstruction .
working quickly , he began then to unk_VB arteries and muscle as he 'd done the previous side , using a very few stitches to accomplish the task .
he then closed the wound as he done the other side .
when completed , he rinsed again and sterilized the entire alcohol area .
over the operation over , he began to bandage the wound .
a few minutes later , as gaining a patient out of consciousness was tied to the last bandage .
the operation was over now and felt confident he had done his best to unk_VB infection .
days were evident in days , the results of his work .
all he could do was now to wait .
reading purchase , please purchase at smashwords.com to http that unk_CD russell night assassin smashwords edition .
copyright 2011 , russell blake .
all rights reserved .
information about the books in contact with russellblake.com .
how often did you hear that review would say ?
thats what im saying .
other reviews describing it near perfection and incredibly well written , was n't lying .
blake , russell , par with the biggest business names .
and i mean , unk_NN , unk_UH , unk_RB , unk_RB brown .
the plot was intricate and completely unexpected , every turn .
ross 's al hateful character , extremely well-written , a believable complexity and nuance , plunged global conspiracy hes a nightmare , ill-equipped to survive .
dont want to spoil the end , but its unk_NN .
overall , the best read ever . "
unk_LS " the artistry of this work will build strokes in the brush of layers that brings you to wonder if something is in this true .
thats a true artist 's work .
many works of fiction , have the main character so scrubbed up that he no longer resembles a human male .
no problems in this one .
this is almost how budding writers unk_NN .
how to write one word or one sentence that edited out ?
a tight narrative great story was a scary scenario .
i almost never give five stars , but this has earned it . "
blake , unk_JJ k. , russell , " fast , becoming my favorite new author .
i did n't want to spoil the ending , but it completely blew me away , and how the suspense had sustained the last few pages of surprise , great .
the highest recommendation , highly original and entertaining novel . "
i was pleasantly surprised to find myself going along with an easy style and broad narrative strokes .
the plot was very skillfully contrived , but an affinity for the real art i found was an affinity , i found myself unable to resist the main unk_NN 's al character .
i 'd also love burros after following the steady transition to als as he encounters the hurdle of the hurdle .
i laughed aloud at some scenes ( i do n't spoil it ) when al is , lets say compromised .
i loved the ending , but also wished the story had n't ended so that im reason taking trouble to recommend it . "
" sum trilogy trilogy , " write , " blakes absolutely latest amazing .
i could literally not put down my kindle until i finished all three trilogy books .
russell blake has a very unique talent at painting a beautiful story with words , and the sum trilogy zero practically reads poetry .
5 stars are n't enough to rate this wonderful trilogy , the stars are more accurate than more . "
russell unk_NN , " unk_NN , blakes zero sum trilogy , truly amazing .
i initially downloaded the book 1 because it was free , and before i was done , i purchased a book & 3 bundle .
unk_NN 's character , unk_NNS , you grow despise .
a unk_NN on the street on the wall , associated with a organized crime and government agencies using the stock market to make huge amounts of money to the detriment of others .
when he 'd discovered , to be the owner of the website at the website had changed forever as he was now a target to be destroyed .
this trilogy will take you on , an extremely fast ride paced and unexpected , like a roller coaster , a good and evil fight .
the sum of zero is a unk_JJ thriller in the complex , you unk_VBP not able to put down .
i 'd highly recommend this book writing it to its best .
i look forward to reading blake more than russell . "
i was recuperating the medical procedure so i could read all three weekend books .
i even kept one map of locations to open the computer , and that made all the story more vivid .
the hero was smart , made good use of his resources , yet still kept a bit of unk_NN that had some almost disastrous results .
there was a bit of irony in the end , but it worked .
i ca n't tell you how much i enjoyed this , presumably , offering blake debut for russell .
its awesome read .
i could n't put it down and stayed all the night to finish it , no exaggeration .
six stars if they had a high review . "
j was katherina .
" this is a book that took me completely by surprise .
i thought the id would give it a shot , description , amazon and amazon , star 5 , and it quickly became the page turner i had n't put down .
the plot was complex , sort of unk_NN or unk_NN , and gripping the characters .
its real novel .
cant wait to see what blake is next , " cant .
gritty m. m. " fatal exchange , " the edge of your seat , " was gritty in a thriller for the first time blake author .
the author combines cleverly paced , well , styled csi styled crime , " no barred , " holds a plausible international conspiracy .
" k. class , this book is steven itself .
the main plot of the book was exciting and scary ( and maybe a little graphic ) .
the visceral pacing is fast , descriptions and unexpected with twists . "
stacy k. , " king swords , " blake , russell blake , was no stranger in the thriller genre .
his previous thrillers turned the inside-out headlines , unk_JJ gritty in unk_JJ plots .
i know this sounds overly dramatic but unk_JJ , this book kept me glued to the kindle screen .
the king of swords had taken the reader from the journey of a drug unk_VBN mexico where the violence had often trumps hard cash for the dominant cultural currency .
unk_RB , steven bestselling author of jakarta , the pandemic and the black flagged black " king of swords , great , anyone who enjoys those thrillers with unk_NN and unk_NN .
the first unk_NNS and the best of the book during the jackal day was one of my favorites .
ive read it at least five times the last thirty years , and it always gets my pulse quickening .
king 's effect on the same swords and reads much faster than the surprises you keep guessing the right end .
you want to just turn the pages as fast as you push your kindle a button forward .
i have a king of swords feeling one of the books i 've come back again and again .
its good at that .
i 'd like the other books authors , having most read or all of them , and their good at all , but this one was a different league .
this is no heavyweight excuses that you can put up any of the big names , and theyd be in trouble .
blake is russell 's example of a indie author , surpassing many of the best of the name writers and the unk_NNS put him right in the same ranks before them . "
" ive read a few of blakes novels and found them diverse in the voice and unk_WRB a message .
my favorite breach of geronimo , but this latest has a kind of will of its own .
the reader could n't help but respect the bad mc guy .
if i 'd read the unk_JJ right , then i 'd realized who the real bad guys , im real spoiling guys , so youll have to decide yourself to score that .
the russells website would visit more details of the lives of russell author blake , full time on the pacific coast coast .
russell enjoys writing fishing , playing his dogs collecting and sampling the tequila , and waging an ongoing battle on world domination of clowns .
but even as i put the king of swords on the bed , i could n't shake the sense of unfinished business .
id go to sleep and have vivid dreams , and they unk_VBP always the same as characters in my book .
specifically , they were the past assassins .
it was a disease .
i could n't stop thinking about him .
thats unfamiliar with me , the most part .
i felt closure at the end of that work .
id told als story as well as i could , and there was n't the more i felt i could add .
there were no more words that needed writing .
but i was no sooner finished king of swords than i started making prequel notes .
which was really the wrong way to go with it .
im a simple man .
when the story was starting , i 'd always been part of the time in the beginning , and the end was well end .
but thats not how it panned out to me this time .
i felt driven by the assassin would write some more and to delve into his background .
what had created a man who 'd dispassionately terminate peoples living lives ?
what drove him to do the unthinkable ?
he was a monster in a traditional sense .
he would kick the dogs or swerve hit them on the road .
he 'd put his socks before or his underwear .
it was fascinating to me because el rey was alive in my head .
you see , i knew the answers questions i was asking , once in my life .
and so came to pass that i have the opportunity to share you with what i gleaned from him .
the night 's night was a somewhat shorter work , written flesh out , making the beast , and the best read a piece of king 's companion of swords .
it certainly read first , but i suspect it 's more satisfying , and more resonate if the king reader unk_VBZ first the second night , then unk_NNS .
thats how i envisioned it , but youre free to do as you like .
even if the stand-alone or first read would entertain the night and satisfy .
id just recommend it to the king .
on the purpose of the other nights , thrill is to explain the illumination to one of my most fascinating characters yet .
el el past or at least highlights it , the page was alive .
enjoy this humble , offering my compliments .
the battle-hardened men chartered those yacht safety was serious dead , unk_VBG in a constant state of readiness for any approach threats .
the skirmishes of the drug cartel had escalated into the past two years , some guards were blistering firefights in groups of rival and seen more of their share of blood .
these were men with whom killing routine and they drew their understanding pay any day their last .
the radio crackled from the group members checked in another by one , each confirming all calm .
the routine was to monitor everyones status for a fifteen minute intervals at the night .
the girls were regular company , the boat owner of unk_NN unk_NNS , one number warlord , unk_NN , and the head of the unk_NN cartel .
the contessa was more than a weekend getaway destination , a quick hop home , whereas the others would be several weeks good aboard .
unk_NN had burned roughly twelve million dollars a year keeping his boats in water before even starting the engines .
they unk_VBP ready for him at any hour , staffed with full-time crews , consisting of chefs , deckhands , captains , mechanics , bartenders , and unk_NNS .
security travelled him at the extra cost .
then again , unk_NN was n't unk_JJ and had n't told anyone precisely what he 'd spent his lifestyle .
they blew through the smoke and chatted with the clothes and their favorite television programs , taking a break from the fiesta winding down inside .
unk_NNS were high with unk_NNS and the gulf cartel , as well as the sinaloa cartel , and the outbreaks of violence had escalated a toll on the death had reached hundreds each month .
most of the disagreements resolved in the bloody skirmishes had this one to do with power and money .
the cartel cartel felt too much making its relatively insignificant place on the chain of food and trying to unk_VB unk_NNS in order to increase its net .
which unk_JJ just unk_JJ business with unk_NNS was all the oldest of the oldest bosses in the cartel .
he 'd enjoyed his privacy immensely , even though his line of work was it , a gold commodity .
in the head of the cartel , he was constantly surrounded by security personnel , so part of the appeal to his boats was the ability to enjoy at least the illusion of seclusion .
veronica leapt to her feet lighter and rushed lighter to attend their host .
oh , unk_UH .
she exclaimed , a giggle with faux indignation and unk_NN dripping every syllable .
eh , so how are you doing girls ?
are you ready to make a party of your unk_NN ?
come on .
you know how i like it , his distinctive unk_NN accent rasped .
the girls extinguished their cigarettes and exchanged glances .
it was a show of time .
veronica moved her two new friends , and they began kissing , then caressing each other .
stood by watching impassively as the action moved hot , hot and clothes began shedding along any remaining inhibitions .
unk_NN opened a small , unk_JJ gold box and quickly tapped out two small piles of white powder on the exterior glass bar beside him .
he snorted , heaping lines of cocaine , laced with unk_NN with gusto as he leered at the unk_NN mnage .
it was a good life , he was a lucky man .
this was a fantastic birthday so far , and whoever said that fifty life had n't lying .
yes , indeed , a great birthday .
he studied the face of his platinum rolex masterpiece and noted a little midnight time .
another day was older and closer to death .
ah , well .
what 's one to do ?
hed try to enjoy himself nonetheless .
youre shameless .
move inside and let the games begin .
and save some love from unk_NN .
the security team studiously avoided looking up at the transom of a huge ship , preferring to scan the periphery for signs of intruders .
unk_NNS would love the high life , well , known and now the men had seen everything .
it was all fun until he did n't perform or turned nasty things too many drugs , and the girls ended up begging for forgiveness .
theyd had to bury their fair share of young strippers that failed to judge his moods correctly .
he was infamous for being mercurial .
the pelican rustled its feathers on the edge of the waters before taking flight , swooping low water as it searched out more tranquil surroundings .
the two of the sentries swung around with a sound , ready to engage with whatever enemy presented itself .
they exhaled in relief when they saw the huge bird lumber in the night air .
everyones nerves were raw , prior to duty for weeks , moving into the danger zone in the danger 's zone while unk_NNS partied with care .
they were friendly territory , but that counted a little when he was exposed to this .
the men were working on shifts , the guards shift to each eight , four hours on , eight off so they could steal some rest and stay on alert .
after four hours patrolling unk_NN , unk_NN fell off markedly , and the human error became more likely .
one of the game of cartel where you only got to make one mistake at your last .
that was the gig .
the sound of the boat party was a headache for them , although no one would dare mention it to unk_NN .
but he was as well as the super big unk_NN had painted a bow with any hostiles in the area .
the security head clenched alberto in his jaw as the women laughed with each squeal of ecstasy as an invitation to unk_VB his mind .
the old pervert to restrict his unk_NN teenagers , goddamned boat teenagers , not out open .
why did he need to make such a public display of it ?
it was recklessly endangering them all .
the cat scurried a large rat into the unk_JJ concrete path of the shops at the far end of the marina , setting the nerves on further unk_NNS on the edge .
he did n't want to think how to unk_VB his men for almost ten days of constant vigilance .
the money had obviously bought a selective vision where he was concerned , but it would only go so far .
gunfire , six star hotels , exclusive gunfire , raise the wrong eyebrows , and the last thing needed alberto , an all-out battle with a military gun dead at the night .
it was impossible to sneak up the water yacht , still in the night that the boat had immediately detected , even if it had been rowed .
but he wanted to ensure covered in all avenues of attack , so even watched in the waterside .
theyd been covered in approaches all possible , yet he was still worried .
maybe it was a place , or maybe because it was the last night of the unk_NNS ' latest binge .
but alberto had an ugly feeling of his guts , and it was n't something hed have eaten .
his primeval senses tingled , as if there was something out there coming with them .
and whatever it was , it meant them to harm .
he called his men with their radio check-in , everyone immediately responded , sounding alert and precise .
they were the best .
seasoned professional killers , half dozen countries , making thirty-five grand for a month , each to lay their lives in line .
he did n't like the odds of anyone foolish enough to take them on to the dead of the night .
but his gut still told him they had a problem .
the assassin checked the luminescent face of his stopwatch , noting the satisfaction that he was on the schedule .
he listened to the sound of the party , the marina still some distance away .
faint gusts of music muttered a vague cadence from the water .
the target was making it almost too easy for him .
perhaps it was just providence of time calling unk_NN .
this was his specialty , impossible to unk_VB the execution of the unk_NNS , his unk_NN .
it made him infamous for a relatively short time .
but this was the most difficult unk_NN yet due to the heightened vigilance of the security team , he knew , had unk_VBN the final night on their rough duty , concluded by a vulnerable location .
hed thought all the possible ways of unk_VBG unk_NNS , and when hed decided his final plan was even he was impressed by ingenuity of it .
now he just needed his contractors for time and to do their job , and unk_NN was better than dead .
he slipped to the surface of the water and submerged the depth of fifteen feet .
that would be sufficient for his purposes .
a small waterproof gps unit , hed programmed the dock coordinates , radiated a glow of orange , three feet readable away .
in his calculations , he would need ten minutes to swim to his starting position as the plan was engaged , though hed allowed himself fifteen , just in case .
better safe than this night was sorry .
his tank held the sufficient air to breathe in an hour he hoped was far more than necessary .
arranging all the pieces hed need to end the life of a brutal boss boss , too expensive , but the cost was sometimes key was difficult .
hed learned the harsh experience , not in a pinch of pennies or out cheap .
hed be at the end of the night , far richer , so the end had paid whatever his sunk sunk themselves .
he was nothing if not pragmatic the job .
his easy practiced stroke propelled him smoothly into the warm water as he neared the private marina .
he sensed he was close when he felt the current heralding the mouth of the harbor as the tide pulled surging through him through the broad opening .
visibility was zero in the inky darkness , so he was entirely flying until his instruments told him he had another hundred and fifty yards to go .
the contessa was berthed on the dock closest to the harbors entrance , commanding the entire length , so there was no cover or alternative to be doing a dive .
this was the only way to get close .
the commotion in the sea bed startled him in a cloud of muddy sediment .
large unk_NN rose from the muck and glided toward him , nudging his unk_JJ legs with one of its wings .
sensing more of the creature than seeing it , he momentarily caught the guard .
his respiration increased as he flailed the alarm , causing the rush of bubbles to hurtle to the surface .
another glance at his watch confirmed he still had five minutes to go .
by his reckoning , he was sixty or so yards in front of the boat and ninety of his targeted position .
carefully calculating the distance , he moved the spot his unk_NNS had told him , the correct one of his purposes .
with the mesh sack attached to his dive belt , he fished out a cup of unk_NN , handle the one end , he affixed the hull .
the assassin would feel a vibration of big generators that provided all power when the rest of the massive twin unk_NN unk_NNS .
as expected , all the systems were operating on the full luxurious yacht bore .
unk_JJ steel shredded its way through the hard fibrous material , almost five inches thick .
a bit six .
two minutes later , he was through .
he jammed it up the new opening and twisted the valve , wishing he could hear a satisfying hiss terminate the target .
that was where part of the plan came in .
the assassin depressed the button on the unk_NN cup and dropped it away from the hull .
he swam on the far side of the ship , facing the bay and cautiously poked his head into the water , right next to the section where the engine vents drew in the air .
another glance at his watch confirmed he had a hundred and more forty seconds before it was time for the show .
he groped for the sack and unk_VBG drilled another hole , this time where the central units of the air conditioning were situated .
he repeated the procedure with a second gas canister and returned to the surface again , hurriedly extending the telescopic tube akin to the antenna in the car radio .
the assassin was fitted with a third larger canister at the end of the extension , and now a position and prepared , the fireworks waited to begin .
alberto first to hear the big rotors of the choppers .
by the time he radioed his men , the sound of the aircraft increased with a chattering roar .
shooting screamed alberto at the radio with his men to hold their fire nobody in the helicopter .
the piercing light slowly moved the concrete path , locking the armed men and freezing each of the place before it moved next .
alberto swore to himself .
that was way too close .
it was one of the navy unk_NNS , no doubt that sent over to check the reports of the armed men on the waterfront .
the army and navy chiefs in the area paid off so there was n't any problem .
it likely took a couple of exchanges radio before they called off the dogs .
they were the equivalent of the american green berets the toughest tough and they generally meant business .
alberto know , he employed the three ex-marines that genuine authentic hard cases even in the world where the blood had spilled casually on a daily basis .
the unexpected unk_NN over patrols commenced again .
everything returned with the fragile calm .
the night rocked still and contessa gently , the swell of an incoming tide , music within , still booming its siren song deep .
the assassin made his way through the cabin to the main stateroom , his pistol silenced the ready .
hed brought it the waterproof bag in ; he kept anything that did n't get immersed in a dive .
he did n't think hed need to use it , but better prepared .
hed pulled his flippers off and set them on the rear deck , where he could grab them in a hurry .
in the worst case , he could always swim to them , although it was much going to be rougher .
that was n't his most pressing problem now , though .
he needed to unk_VB his success and get proof back to his clients so he could collect a second half from his fee and build his reputation for the process .
he pushed the door to the master 's stateroom , open , and encountered unk_NN straight into hell .
unk_UH lay naked in the center of the bed , surrounded by his three young unk_NNS , also naked .
all dead .
the nerve gas , hed bought the russians , had done its work circulating as the three conditioners that zoned into the air .
hed guaranteed to kill the gas for ten seconds of inhalation , but he needed to be sure .
thats what made him who he was .
he was a man made for sure .
the sight of female corpses , bloody foam , caked with their mouths and noses , already unk_JJ , had no effect on him .
this was his job , his chosen profession .
unk_NN 's damage was unk_JJ , but the deal was part .
girls , likely for a few years , anyway , either hands of these unk_NN were their rivals rivals .
it was the money fast money that would n't come to a retirement plan .
breathing on his unk_NN , the assassin studied the boss of the dead cartel , then fired a single shot down his forehead , more effect than anything .
he inspected his handiwork dispassionately before reaching a bag of watertight gun on a cell phone , and a laminated rectangle .
approaching the man , he positioned the card almost tenderly in his exposed throat before snapping a photo of the phone .
the figure seemed a card to watch the proceedings of interest , his medieval regal gaze , unblinking , unk_NN , a double-edged blade with his clutched sword forever pointing to the heavens .
satisfied by his handiwork , the phone assassin dropped back into the sack and sealed it before placing it in the web bag hanging on his dive belt .
the noise jolted above him .
he heard movement up in a heavy bridge footsteps that carried down the unk_NN stateroom that signal either problem or shift change .
one part of the plan he had n't been able to nail was a detailed agenda for a security team .
just nobody he could find that paid off was so hed had to wing it .
he hoped that was n't a fatal flaw tonight .
alberto called his men in the dock area and briefed on the new arrivals .
they shift unk_CD , which point theyd have been relieved by a new , fresh eight set .
a cry of bridge interrupted his reconnaissance , and he looked up at where waving one of the new arrivals .
what an idiot .
why could n't he use the radio ?
thats what they were for .
alberto turned the volume up on his unk_NN and called the man .
what is it ?
unk_JJ or any of the girls swimming earlier today , or this evening .
ive been gone for eight hours .
i do n't think so .
alberto asked , honestly puzzled by the question .
a pair of warning warning went dead .
hair in unk_NNS 's arms stood up as he peered at the goggles up across the bridge .
he did n't see either men stationed there at the sentries .
come in .
come in .
you read me .
alberto hissed at the radio , his hopes sinking even as he called .
one of the two guards who sailed on the side of the bridge were a body , landing in the formless stories of four mass below , landing on the concrete surface of the dock on unk_NNS 's feet .
alberto stared at the body of disbelief , a stain of thick dark blood , quickly pooling at the corpse .
moments later a second corpse hurtled through all the security men , now rushed into a full-scale attack mode .
night abruptly exploded into an inferno , temporarily blinding alberto .
the boat inside illuminated a whump of an incendiary grenade , the interior in a flash of white-hot , the ensuing blaze that erupted from the side windows , the scorching blast shattered .
the assassin allowed himself to sink into the bottom , twenty-five feet above the surface .
hed give it a few minutes and let the gunmen exhaust their wrath before doing , so he still had sufficient air .
it was a long slog of bay as the swim fins hed forced to leave the aft deck .
that was unk_JJ .
he checked his watch and peered into the gloom , his unk_NN gauge he illuminated using the dim glow to gps .
it was a unk_JJ escape route , given it the farthest point of the ship .
the odds there had been any serious hunt for him , zero he knew .
theyd far more interested in clearing out before they had to explain their heavily armed presence in the military .
in unk_NNP 's town , he was a unk_NN for forty minutes or yet better than one of the big hotels , just north of town .
when he got to the shore , he would e-mail the unk_NN photo on his distinctive calling card , a glorious display , using his cell phones on the internet cell .
the client was suitably impressed that given yet another impossible execution of his notorious string of accomplishments had gone off without hitch .
the gas touch of the novel and hed delighted with the results .
at that stage , it was pretty obvious that something had killed the passengers atmosphere , so the discovery would have zero effect on anything .
the vendor had done well by the choice as an assassin grinned at the heavy glass mask that hed use him again .
reliability of the assassins game was the key to sustaining rewarding long-term relationships .
rousing himself from his reverie , he began swimming slowly away from the boat , hugging the bottom so to avoid any unk_NNS from the flashlight beams playing on the surface .
they were wasting their time , but he wanted to take no further chances .
by the time of the flames , there was a little left of the upper ships salon or unk_NNS , other than the main bedroom that had used the owner .
his boss , his charge sacred .
his blood ran cold when he saw the image of the seated regent protruding from unk_DT face .
hed heard stories about the rumors about the ghost who came to kill , but never believed they were true .
for now .
hed witnessed the handiwork in his own eyes , handiwork as king of swords or el rey as he 'd known mexico .
he was every heavily protected nightmare of the worst targets , a man who would walk through the walls or sides of the buildings , and whom was no one safe .
seeing the assassins calling the card was a loss of any innocence or hope hed ever had .
because now , alberto knew there was indeed unk_NN , the devil who danced in the darkness , a unk_NN of things precious to the delivery of hell .
alberto alberto say there was something scared about him more than the mexican marines , more than more torture than the prospect of death itself .
he was a man , slaughter whom and killing , was mundane , seen in the evil true face , and stared it back at him , unflinching .
el rey had come into the night with a soul and stolen unk_NNS .
the shacks was ablaze , sending embers shooting into the air as they carried the captives hopes of survival in heaven with them .
the little girl sobbed terrified of what was to come .
this was the worst night of toddlers in a short harsh life , and it seemed to her surreal .
she hoped it was a nightmare .
the dead form of her father lay sprawled next to her mother , his life extinguished in an unspeakable manner .
she did n't understand any of it .
she wanted to live .
she had so much to do with her life , just starting .
as the seasons came and went , the familys time spent their meager patch working on the land to plot several acres into a century family .
there was no plumbing that their water came well from unk_JJ .
the unthinkable happened then .
and now she kneeled , crying while she murmured the only prayer she knew , hoping it would work with the talisman to keep bad men at bay .
our father , unk_NN , heaven , she unk_VBD a soft , tremulous tone .
the little girl cried , the silent silent god of her , innocent , even as she continued to recite the words assured shed to protect her from anything .
thy ripped the lead from her cerebrum , abruptly unk_VBG her brief sojourn on earth .
her frail body tumbled lifelessly from the ground .
her ordeal over .
drama was another of the nights , a long line of horrors theyd inflicted on their fellow men in order to solidify their unk_NNS ' region of the region .
the citizenry only understood and respected one thing and that brute force .
they were a delivery system for that primal justice , and they knew nobody would ever miss a peasant family or a question of events that night .
the events would remain just another footnote of slaughter on the ongoing part of the mexico drug traffic .
nobody was to defend innocents , and so they perished as countless others had them with brutal episodes determined for nothing .
mexicos soil was steeped in the blood of the helpless men , knew nobody would mourn them .
they had no power , no clout , and so disposable .
the enforcers returned to their truck , which started with a roar , and they tore off the night as the dirt track led to civilization , such as it was .
~ ~ ~ twenty ~ twenty years ago , sinaloa , horses whinnied as they galloped over the periphery of the open field .
the men gathered in the center , whistling the ponies as they celebrated their temporary equestrian freedom .
the majority of the unk_NNS who had grown in mexico came to sinaloa , and it would harvest this to be instrumental in the creation of the modern cartel system .
originally , only a few families were engaged in marijuana 's u.s. trafficking , heroin of moderate quality and purity that produced the modest local fields .
it was a small business that operated in the cottage industry held tightly to a minimum of violence other than the turf wars of rights growing and distribution .
handling the early 1990s in mexican cartels , much trafficking in unk_NNS , whose cartels disintegrated the late 1980s , their survivors now focused mainly on manufacturing manufacturing .
a little of the decade had become a small business , the unk_JJ industry and various factions fought it out by the rights of their geographical areas .
the 1990 is powerful in the cartel , the most of the sinaloa in all the mexico of all the world , primarily in fact , because of the unk_NN of the mexican drug trade of miguel 's angel unk_NN unk_NN , the capital of sinaloa was culiacan .
it was he who ran a hundred percent of the mexico trade in the seventies and eighties , and he had unk_NNS 's relationships .
the particular tijuana cartel and the unk_JJ cartel were unk_VBN with a greater sway , and a larger chunk of profits leading often the bloody wars of their sinaloa brethren .
a group of men watching the horses laughed together easily , unk_NN 's cans tempering the worst of the mid-day heat .
it would fall the storm season was largely over , but the temperatures could still reach the high nineties during the day , bringing it to the substantial humidity .
it was his birthday , and ten time for it for him to begin learning that hed require skills to survive in the unk_JJ world .
in the head of one of the original ranking members of the sinaloa cartel , mexico had translated more than writing , writing , and arithmetic .
its time for you to learn the way in the world .
and who knows that maybe when youre older , he will even teach you the two or the women thing miguel , don , don .
the surrounding men obligingly laughed in his playful fun sense .
my business is demanding the increasing amount of my time and traveling ill much year so im entrusting you to unk_VB hands capable .
youre a treat for him in the same respect , you can afford me .
we 'll clear that .
hes your mentor , position in honor , but its also one of responsibility , and if you fail to apply yourself , it will reflect him poorly .
the boy nodded at his understanding .
he did n't talk much , never seen much point in it .
emilio regarded him , and then grunted , gesturing his head toward the boy to follow him .
a pair of stables walked , and once the view of the men got emilio down on one knee so as better to get his point across .
my job is to make you a man .
i know your history and im here to tell you nothing matters , but present and the future .
where ?
thats meaningless .
nobody cares .
the only reason for the past matters , so you can learn it .
thats the whole reason making mistakes and surviving them matters .
experience what we can call mistakes we survive .
emilio grinned and tussled the boys ' hair .
and ive got a lot of experience .
so youre going to stick with me , eh ?
every day before you go to school , we 'll spend an hour learning together how to discipline your body .
every afternoon of the school would spend three hours with me , learning how to discipline your mind .
once you have both total control , well , proceed to the fun stuff learning how to shoot a swim ride in the hunt , and how to stay hidden .
but i ca n't teach you anything until you have control of yourself .
the boy glared at him dubiously , his dislike and his new mentor was the obvious situation .
emilio swatted him on the side of the head just enough to get his attention .
do you see ?
you do n't have control .
you ca n't hide your emotions so youre the open book of anyone who wants to read you .
you do n't like me and its obvious , so i now have power in you .
given me that power by failing to contain your feelings , and i can use it hurt you .
so your first lesson is to control your emotions .
not if you can control and blown around with a leaf , taking always whatever storm is taking place in your brain .
even ten years old , the boy had learned to listen .
emilio see the wheels turning into his small head as he absorbed what the older man said .
it does n't matter to me that we can do this an easy way or a hard way .
work , either .
if youre interested in proving youre stubborn , your energy will save something that matters .
you want to prove something to show me youre determined , have plenty of chances .
my job is to build you as a leader , the others of the man up to , who makes smart decisions from head to level , and who never loses ever cool to his cool .
soon , youll figure out its better put some effort into learning what im teaching rather than fighting it .
the end resisting the lessons was just delaying the inevitable getting fun parts .
so decide .
make a choice , then eliminate all the other possible outcomes .
that 's your road .
i hope you can select a good one , concluded emilio , and then opened the barn door and moved inside the bales of hay .
he studied the pile and motioned his hand to the old pitchfork leaning against the far wall .
happy birthday .
today 's starting , and every day until i tell you to stop you , i want you to move the hay from these bales , this pile , a feeding trough .
one hour would spend the day doing it every morning for school .
emilio glanced at the boy , now regarded him impassively .
the old man reached into his pocket and produced a new watch of stainless steel wrist , tearing off the tags as he examined the clasp .
he looked at the time and then tossed it at the boy , who snatched it from the air with ease .
thats my birthday gift for you .
its always important to give in order to get .
i see youre unk_VBN by your catch .
that was a liability at the time .
well , together so work that you do any task , either equally comfortably hand .
if youre ever a wounded on one arm , you can use the other , and the difference in the edge with you living or dying on the floor .
everything i has a reason .
but now the hay start .
do you know how to read the clock ?
how to tell time to watch that ?
the boy nodded his head in the affirmative .
another lesson .
never tell me you know something if you do n't .
i do n't mind it if you do n't know not knowing if you have n't shown is n't your fault .
not knowing because you had n't shown because you pretended to unk_VB the stupidity that cautioned emilio .
i know how to tell time how to read the clock .
im not stupid , the boy declared angrily .
ah , so he speaks .
very good .
but you still have n't learned my first lesson .
by showing me how youre feeling , either your voice or eyes or body , youre giving me advantage of you .
and i can use that to destroy you .
so well , you learning to control your emotions , work to be cool and collected all times .
its first lesson will teach you and probably the most single valuable .
emilio studied boys 's features , dark brown eyes radiating a quiet intensity .
once you unk_VBP a master of the ability to manage your inner domain , you 'll have the power of others instead of them , having power for you .
learning so could do a matter of practice .
the more of you practice has become more composed and faster youll progress .
its not just about hiding your emotions from others , its about arresting your state .
if you lose control , you 'll lose .
its simple , that .
if nothing else could always remember that .
you lose .
emilio glanced at the pitchfork , then back to the boy .
and something tells me you do n't like losing , eh ?
well , heres another piece of experience , a lifetime of mistakes , takes winning , usually work a lot of it .
and practice .
and commitment .
which is where i can come in .
so happy birthday to treat your watch care and function it well for many years and get the hay its not going to move itself .
emilio turned and strode into the building and the path of the dirt riding , leaving the boy with his thoughts .
emilio , tell he was one tough little bastard , that was sure .
was n't reining reining in him .
it was the same with the horses .
miguel was don 's smart man , and he was clear he expected the groomed boy to a suitable heir to be his rapidly expanding a fortune .
the next five or six years , the ones forged from the character of the boys and made him whatever he would ultimately be .
tough for good .
so stubborn .
and smart .
miguel miguel stressed how intelligent the boy was , devouring every book he could get his hands on .
that was a powerful combination of traits of character .
emilio steer him in the direction where he had an outlet for his obvious simmering anger .
don did n't have time to raise him and teach him what hed need to know .
every day brought more and more threats for dons than dons , the truth was , he was hiding in much time directing his affairs into a safe distance .
miguel miguel was now a major player in the mexican trafficking scheme , but the spoils came from the risks .
there was a constant and never-ending supply of enemies that cut his throat at the slightest advantage .
the danger was very real and immediate .
so he 'd leave his beloved unk_NN with his horses and become the general of the ongoing war coming home only for brief visits when he deemed it safe .
the business was , no retiring , no quitting to pursue other interests .
the trade operated according to the jungle law , you kept killing until something had killed you .
if you unk_VBP a predator , the smartest and the smartest , perhaps youd have a long life .
so far , miguel don proved to be up with every challenge .
that would change a blink , but emilio did n't think so .
he was one of a million , genius , easily , as well as ruthless , and clinically calculating .
that combination of traits was rare , especially in business that boasted more testosterone than a boxing club .
but don was also looking for the future .
he realized the boy was always a target , no matter what pursuit he chose was an adult .
which meant he needed to be equipped with skills that would enable him to survive the world filled with enemies .
emilio boys , the best shot of survival .
he would teach him the lessons he 'd need to learn well in order to stay alive , and hopefully to flourish .
he would make a man a man .
starting today .
he was remarkably self-possessed , excelled at his studies , and diligently worked his exercises .
emilio him transitioned from the hay workout real in order to keep up his rapidly developing physique .
his upper body was sculpted in a series of unk_JJ exercises culminating with unk_NNS and push-ups , his lower body conditioned with increasingly longer .
even as he approached his fourteenth birthday , he was easily mistaken for two years older , and his gait had taken the measured confidence of an athlete .
miguel had stopped don occasionally , and each time hed surprised the boys ' development .
six months had gone by the time it seemed taller than each visit inches from a few boy and sporting a few more pounds of muscle .
miguel had been pleased with don in the metamorphosis and indicated his satisfaction , the generous satisfaction of the boys ' allowance , as well as unk_NN 's unk_NN .
the boy was now easily half of the unk_NNS was the workload because the number of skills to learned that his age had increased .
he was already an accomplished rider on horseback and a swimmer and had shown considerable unk_NN aptitude .
that was how he approached things methodically , unk_RB .
hed quickly taken the counsel from the heart of the heart , and worked at controlling his emotions , no matter stimuli of stimuli .
emilio had taught him any number of tricks to help him remain detached and calm any situation .
on his fourteenth birthday , the don miguel was out of nowhere , found , but sent a substantial financial stipend to the boys with the newest training weapons .
at this point , he knew the boy would practice until he excelled at whatever challenge , and he was n't disappointed in his progress with firearms .
a year of boy shot a crack , any weapon you handed him firing , handed either right or left .
nobody was hurt to be done with no harm , and everyone christmas was getting bountiful in each year 's bonuses , so there was no reason to rock any boats .
it would live and let live as far as the law enforcement concerned which worked out everyones best interests .
the boy grew quickly comfortable ; any guns provided him .
his fourteenth year had transitioned from his fifteenth , he was exceeding all expectations , had emilio with him .
he set up the two coffee cans were thirty yards away from each other , paced off forty yards , boy , and held out both handguns .
the left target shoot your left hand using a revolver .
use one to the right , unk_NN .
as quickly as you can , fire while maintaining emilio , instructed accuracy .
the boy hefted both pistols , getting to feel their weight .
he knew hundreds of hours of experience , firing as a big bore revolver required different skills from the smaller automatic caliber .
how many pounds of pressure on the unk_NN trigger ?
the boy asked .
i wonder if youre a situation where you have to use someone elses weapon whether that answer you .
my guess not replied , emilio .
the boy shrugged .
never hurt to ask .
he calculated the distance , and then began firing , weapons alternating rapidly , but not in an uncontrolled manner .
a pair of cans filled which theyd sprouted water .
after emptying both weapons in their direction , they walked over to inspect the results .
six possible revolver hits five found their mark .
all the nine emilio loaded with theirs found unk_NN .
not bad .
i guessed you did n't hit any of the revolver .
the only problem is that the one you ca n't hit it might be one of you needed to save your life .
well , this more practice need to switch things up to you .
and i want to start practicing while running or riding in the vehicle soon .
this high praise emilio , grudging his unk_NNS .
the boy smiled .
he understood that his performance was extraordinary .
nobody he knew was done with it .
but emilio were right .
there was no room for error , and no satisfaction to be had almost great .
unk_NNS could only concern the boy , the inevitable matured interest he showed his daughter of jasmine .
she was younger than a year , boy , but already beauty , thankfully reflecting her mothers genes rather than unk_NNS .
jasmines mother died when she was five , leaving emilio on the shoulder of the burden of raising her , his sister and mother .
which raised the ladies as he called them , jasmine would return while he was working .
the only quirk shed the shown deep occult interest that no doubt had driven a frustrated desire to somehow relate to her departed mother .
emilio worried , but the ladies assured him that it was just a phase , a way to appear more mysterious as she came to age .
days of unk_NNS consisted of working on the boy and the horses .
once the children were both home in school , his attention was focused almost exclusively on the boy , leaving jasmine , trained in feminine ladies ' ways in the world .
this is n't because of any lack of love with the unk_JJ part .
on the contrary , he lived with jasmine .
he rationalized this was natural , and hopefully would also pass .
she just needed other women to learn that it was whatever they 'd learned while he 'd taught the boy how to do masculine things .
culiacan was the nearest large city , a half hour drive to the ranch .
it had a number of martial arts schools , judo karate specializing , and kung unk_NN .
the boy convinced emilio that his development had warranted three classes in the week .
his classmates treated him as polite and cautious deference on at that point .
he did n't mix the rest of his peers and showed no interest in friendships with a casual unk_NN in the halls .
they were children who had given excitement or emotional flights , whereas he was almost an adult , always restrained .
he was quiet and withdrawn and tended to keep himself , preferring to limit his mingling to jasmine at recess .
they had grown close to the virtue of their shared figure of male authority .
it was a unk_NN relationship with the most part , but the ladies cautioned both emilio and jasmine that things would have to change once they 'd both matured .
shortly after he turned sixteen , and fifteen she occurred , the inevitable , two became inseparable in spite of the adults ' admonitions .
the boy had grown into a gangly colt , a self-possessed young man who looks made a glance at the females him twice , and jasmine radiated a dazzling beauty of behold .
so what are you up to ?
ever the same .
the last days of school over the year and the constant practice of your father .
ah , practice , yes .
thats got to get old for a while , she said , offering a gleaming smile .
the boy eyed the proceedings with the marginal interest , his attention more drawn , jasmines with smooth skin and flashing eyes on anything unk_JJ .
when the show was over , the electricity seemed to crackle between jasmine and boy , unspoken , but as powerful as a lightning strike .
come on .
the boy nodded , swallowing hard to dry his mouth suddenly , and they walked to the edge of the clearing , and then the heavy woods surrounding the ranch .
where are you going ?
he asked , but she did n't answer anything but shush as she led the way .
the heat of the day had been built as muggy unk_NNS as a approaching storm , and the change in the water atmosphere was palpable .
i just wanted to get away for a while .
its so damned house damned and nothing to do .
im bored , she complained , her lips flashing with a hint of a smile as she took the stream .
how about you ?
dont get you tired , every day , the same thing , never anything new .
its driving me crazy , he moved to the edge of the bank and picked up a small flat stone , then tossed it into a swirling current .
who would n't ?
he admitted , and then they both fell silent , contemplating a surge of gentle streams .
jasmine sat down in the water and then lay back on the grass , considering the sparse configuration , puffy clouds overhead , as though they 'd held some sort of secret .
hed always been easy for her presence , bred by familiarity for years of proximity , but now suddenly everything felt different , and he did n't think anything to say .
the warm breeze stirred the surrounding trees , and for the moment , the last trees stood , still in time , lingering instant perfection , as though it was forever .
jasmine rolled toward him and reached up a trembling hand , then pulled him down beside her , no words required .
he hesitated for a brief instant , and then he was lying next to her , her scent vaguely floral , as inviting as hed have ever dreamt of .
his lips found hers and his eyes closed , even as hers remained open , a faraway look on them , neither recognized .
the boys with tentative gentleness were gradually shifted with more aggressive confidence , and soon the urgency of the urgency in him dictated its own pace .
her rhythm matched his new unfamiliar hunger now under her control , the need a little more of the smolder , suddenly flaring up to become a out-of-control blaze .
im hot .
come on .
obvious that its wonderful she was invited , and he glanced down at his shirt and pants , evidence of his arousal .
a day of fog passed the desire , their appetites finally unleashed , forbidden secrets of each others , now bodies in accessible wonder to be explored .
a couple of time had been found to sneak away even while the unk_JJ watch as young lovers often do confounding the best intentions of their guardians .
theyd spend a long hours with each others arms around the barn or hidden away from one of the recesses of the main house , or their original rendezvous rendezvous spot .
fully once , theyd discovered their passion , they were prisoners whod crossed for a long , dry desert and found themselves in an oasis .
their unk_NN soon became a daily event , and for the first time in his life , the boy found himself enraptured by another human being .
the boy was even willing to entertain jasmines the quirky ideas of nature in reality , and indulged in her penchant for spirituality and paranormal developed gradually had a borderline of borderline .
every other utterance was her fate , what , or stars , wanted , a boy attributed to her exotic nature and bored intellect .
even though miguel had ever ever evidence , he 'd insisted the boy protected all times , as though the ranch attack was imminent .
this was just another way from which he was different , his brethren in the cartel , he was a meticulous planner , and nothing left a chance .
that stood behind him in good stead in his life , he was unk_JJ possible threats to his family or entourage .
a young couple leaned over their bicycles in front of the house , and unk_CC ascended three rickety steps .
jasmine knocked on the door and the flakes of sun-bleached paint dusted her knuckles , the sound of their arrival echoing through unk_NN 's walls .
a considerable pause opened the weathered door , an ancient gray-haired woman wearing a shawl of red gauze gypsy trimmed with small gold coins .
she fixed them with both one-eyed stare , lost in the vision of her other eye long ago .
the boy felt momentary revulsion when he saw her unk_JJ pupil , but hid his reaction and braved a tentative smile .
so this was a young man .
welcome to amor , mi jasmine .
look at him .
strapping one , yes .
handsome , you were that right and strong , like a bull of id wager .
come in , come in as madame unk_NN insisted , gesturing gloomy the interior of her unk_JJ hand .
sit on the table .
lets see what we have , eh ?
first look in your palm and see what the gods have you written in terms of love and lifeand , then reading is do .
she peered at them in the gloom , the crafty expression on her wizened face .
the bowl and money disappeared quickly , and then madame moved into the room , lighting candles and incense .
the overall effect was somewhat clumsy , but effective as the local unk_NN he was supposed .
what jasmine had found him so fascinating at all it , but if it had made her happy , so was it .
accepting her fascination with judgment , a small enough price to pay to find heaven in her embrace seemed .
the crone approached the table and switched on a dusty yellow hanging lamp , an intricate shade of unk_NN directed at most of the light in the center of the table .
she sat across from the boy and gestured toward him .
give me your hand .
right by hand .
palm up .
just relax .
this was n't hurt .
much , she assured him , then cackled .
he wondered that the shed had gotten her act , casting central , a kind of local unk_NNS , the kind that popular local unk_NNS was the kind of dubbed badly or blurry unk_NNS .
still , he played along and dutifully placed his hand on the table .
the woman took it from hers , and made a variety of sounds intended for a signal of deep thought , no doubt .
i can see that your love line is clear .
you only have a real one love of your life , and it 's early your time here .
your lifeline is different .
its long but has many breaks signaling something unusual .
illness , maybe maybe a death brushes .
but it continues so you can prevail on it unk_RB .
this went on for a while , and he feigned polite interest in the ambiguous unk_NNS of his possible future .
of course early with jasmine sitting there , listening , love , and intense , and genuine , held the element of the truth .
when he was jasmine , he felt the eagle soaring through the clouds .
his feelings for her was scary , almost scary .
it gave her the power of him , his training advised him from being a recoil .
still , unk_NNS were not to be denied and he was smitten , that was sure .
this was tarot .
it all knows all and tells .
nobody could hide the tarot truth , and its words possess the wisdom for ages .
sure they do .
my unk_NNS ' hundred was worth to be exact .
cheesy cheesy tunes and gypsy act .
he wished the shed on it .
her woman began to ritual , and paused at the end , shed revealed all the cards .
the boy was absently studying the photos of the stained wall around her , his attention caught on the raven photograph , or perhaps a crow , perched on a barbed-wire fence .
something chilled it to his blood , but he did n't know why .
hed tuned her prattle to his gaze , images roamed thinking of the thoughts worthy of his energy rather than listening to the superstitious mumbo-jumbo .
his awareness grudgingly returned to the table , pulled the crow 's photo as madame unk_JJ contemplated the meaning of the cards .
she pointed several with a trembling finger .
this was death .
its reading placement was ominous .
it 's a signal of many things , but in this sequence , it hints you unk_VBP constantly surrounded by death .
the woman continued , droning , but the boy was unk_VBG out again .
gee , good guess .
youre living with miguel , miguel , don , as your protector and benefactor , going to be surrounded by death .
what a stretch and all and all surprise .
nonstop weapons and survival , training that jasmine had no doubt that chatted with a woman about n't unk_NN or anything .
hell , all he had to do was close to his eyes , and he would bring death to the fresh surface as though it had only occurred just yesterday .
incredibly so far insightful .
he was getting his moneys worth .
what was next ?
and this , the defining card , was a king of swords .
but its inverted .
which was a negative sign .
it would mean many things for most of which involve destruction and selfish with inverted consequences .
the boy asked , finally interested in something shed said .
its upside down , the medium explained a tremulous voice .
not me , the boy had observed .
he was sitting on her .
they were both correct .
reading drew close , uncomfortable and abrupt , tense , a woman seeming suddenly anxious to rid them .
no doubt she felt the shed done her unk_NN enough for a hundred unk_NNS and hoping for more revenue of the day .
she had n't well responded to the mockery of the reading boys as theyd pedaled , taking it to the personal affront of her sacred beliefs .
in retrospect , he had chosen his few words for more kindness .
bullshit was unk_VBN baffling as superstitious idiocy .
whatever the womans ability to divine the future had changed one thing forever that afternoon on .
jasmine and he were never the same , which he 'd attributed directly to vicious predictions about the old witchs black predictions .
the old crone had the ability to unk_VB in the future , all right in that shed , initiated by a subtle campaign to undermine their relationship , for who knew what reason .
but he quickly learned that the superstition power was significant about the lesson he would carry forward to him in life .
the previous months had passed the topic of how to deal with a romantic unk_NN , often aired the compound elders .
it was a constant sticking point , emilio and ladies .
emilio , if the boy was going to be sampling his bounty of precious unk_NN flowers , he would opinion on getting married , the sooner the better .
the ladies had argued any sort of confrontation because partially who he was , as well as mitigating as their youth .
neither jasmine nor aware of the boy in the seething disagreement of their unk_NNS caused not either of them , particularly interested in opinions like older adults .
the arrogance of youth had inevitably believed its supremacy , and young typically convinced that the aged had a little grasp of how the modern world had worked .
the boy lapped it up , growing more each day , and eventually moved his infatuation for jasmine , even as she showed no further appetite for him .
it was that sixteenth summer , he made a mental resolution to the impenetrable island and aloof , using others at his convenience , but nothing more .
for the first time in his life , hed opened up and entrusted jasmine to his heart , only to be repaid , spitting her , his face in his trouble .
his rigid training provided a solution , never allow anyone to get close , never reveal your true self and never care .
and so it was that he found the useful philosophy that afforded him some relief of his time with confused pain .
the others had no innate value to him beyond what they would do to further his agenda or meet his demands .
they were objects that only existed on the minor planets orbiting his solar system , which he was in the sun with life , life , and worlds destroyer .
the boy had slim interest in considering the ramifications of his chosen worldview .
his training had been consumed by all of his free hours as he sought to exceed that even emilio the highest bars could conjure challenges .
hed increased his dojo sessions five times a week , and quickly mastered most of the offered techniques .
he had a ravenous intellect of any his instructors had ever seen as a young man do or whatever he wanted .
the remainder of his sixteenth year had been spent in rigorous pursuit of excellence , whether they were intellectual intellectual or unk_VBN endeavors .
his teen years was the defining period , where he had honed his proficiency to the edge of the razors .
emilio sought discipline , yielded to instill dividends .
the boy was almost superhuman with his commitment and unk_NN .
it was as though providence had blessed him with surplus of fitness and unk_NN .
emilio , the time he was due to seventeen turn , satisfied that his boy work was done .
hed made the transition from the boy , a young man , and the world was now his playground with as he liked .
chapter 4 eleven years ago in veracruz , in mexico at the navy base , veracruz was expansive , crawling between personnel and equipment .
this was the primary headquarters in the gulf region , and where the specialized training , the equivalent of the countrys seals took the place of unk_NN unk_NNS , or special forces .
this elite fighters team had just created a unk_NN of the navys of the marine infantry of the marines .
they were mexicos the ultimate ninja squad to be used to the most dangerous of the circumstances , most of the missions hazardous .
the young man abruptly departed from the sinaloa hed floated in mexico for a few months , creating appropriate paperwork , so he could join the navy using a virgin identity .
he was quickly impressed by his commanding officers with his supernatural weapons capabilities and placed a fast track into a new group .
he was a dream candidate candidate , an athletic young , a prodigy of smart fearless guns , and extremely tough .
it if there had ever been vocation specially made him one of the new navy commandos .
even a motto resonated with him , unk_NN unk_NN , unk_NN .
the spirit 's force and wisdom .
he had all three of the abundance and hed arrived in the perfect place to continue the education hed begun to emilio .
hed signed up a few months his seventeenth birthday , although his new paperwork had put his age eighteen and half .
that was the necessary artifice as his name selection so he could start anew , any baggage in his past .
the young man was now calling himself a unk_JJ unk_NN , as good as any other , he was supposed .
the names were unimportant at him .
they were disposable as most of everything in his life .
unk_NN excelled at the brutal conditions of training , told which truth , and more relaxed than the ones , hed imposed himself for years .
but he 'd learned a lot , especially on the side of the explosives .
there was nothing military to unk_VB the kind of training you just did n't get a civilian life , no matter what you did .
he became a model of all the men who could follow himself more than anything that mustered his trainers mustered .
unk_NN was far more motivated than any of his classmates to get all he could for his service years .
he viewed his military time as a stepping stone , whereas his peers go on to soldiers career .
none of which he told his recruiting officer .
basic training , he stood out as far as the quality of the other green recruits .
his scores of written exams floored the instructors .
the smart candidate , unk_RB , was here , a fish swim , a marksman shoot , and had the physical prowess of a professional athlete .
today they were working on , specialized in a long range that considered anything about a thousand meters or almost thirty-three hundred feet .
such extreme distances came from a variety of elements , play , strength , wind , and direction , humidity , temperature , elevation , and rate of movement , if it was n't the stationary target .
while the recorded instances of snipers , successfully killing twenty-four more hundred meters , those anomalies considered .
sixteen hundred meters was a mile away from the target .
exercise targets for days , the confirmed distance of a thousand meters , or roughly three quarters of a mile .
many snipers preferred smaller unk_CD rifles , caliber caliber , and an official sniper rifle in the marines , a unk_NN of koch & koch , firing a round of unk_CD millimeter .
each sniper cadet was assigned to the coach that gave the firing order and then received unk_NN 's report .
accuracy dropped off markedly , once crossed the threshold of seven hundred meter and there were a few who would deliver precise hits over eight hundred .
what did your nose tell you ?
the coach asked unk_RB .
moderate humidity .
guesstimate with speed , wind , and direction .
seven ten knots in unk_NN , unk_NN replied .
thirty degrees unk_NN .
going to do this a computer .
purely based on your observations .
if youre confident of your observations , your bearings will adjust accordingly .
good luck , the coach said and then stepped back , leaving the young man for himself .
unk_NN concentrated on controlling his breathing , and soon his entire awareness had synthesized the tiny world through the scope .
hed long ago , learned that never to pull the trigger , as it would throw off accuracy .
the best of deliberate squeeze .
the radio crackled and came to the back report .
the unk_NN .
good shooting .
they repeated the exercise in ten shots , all which landed in a grouping of inch ten .
i think done here as a young man .
that was an impressive shooting .
unk_UH looked up at the coach .
he had emboldened his success and wanted the best personal try .
he got along well with the man , so he floated his idea .
why do n't we try it unk_CD meters ?
just to make it interesting .
unk_UH suggested .
the coach looked at him like he was crazy .
pretty cocky , huh ?
thats the impossible range of that weapon and that ammo , not to mention that scope .
do you want to put the money on it ?
the coach asked .
fifteen hundred meters was just a mile away , and the absolute maximum of rifles at the unk_JJ target were maximum .
two hundred unk_NNS says i nail it three five .
although i agree to crap this ammo in that distance .
id prefer to load it to myself with better consistency , but hey , unk_UH said .
but the three misses we can go home and im two hundred richer .
the coach got on the radio and issued the instructions from the man 's unk_NN , which obligingly moved the target to the farthest point of the field before taking a cover .
its your funeral .
fire when ready , the coach said .
unk_UH took his time , made further adjustments to scope , then repeated his process of meditation where he became one of the weapon .
the discharge almost startled him , so focused on his concentration .
there was no need to wait for the radio to report .
he knew what it would say .
unk_UH , twenty center centimeters , crackled with the radio .
right or left .
or low or high .
tell him specific , would you ?
unk_VBN unk_NN .
wide-eyed , the coach studied unk_RB like he was on another planet , then posed the question .
a response came back .
the right .
thats what i thought hed say .
the winds died down in hair for the last thirty seconds .
tell him clear , unk_NN said .
once he got to go ahead , he repeated the impossible shot .
four more times .
all the shots were grouped at the foot of the variance .
the coach gladly handed two hundred unk_NNS to the single , most astounding display of marksmanship hed ever witnessed .
youre a fucking monster , you know that .
thats voodoo shit right there .
ive never seen anything in it , and ive been teaching ten years over .
that i was one of the top three marksmen of mexico unk_VBD the coach , studying him with a kind of wonder .
that can those who do both men laughed together in spite of the unk_JJ age difference .
unk_NN would never again shoot that accuracy in that distance , preferring to limit his performance to average more expectations .
it did n't do to show off , or to develop too much of a reputation .
better one of a million day had and then a third of top of class was graduate from top .
he remembered unk_NNS 's sage counsel from when he was just a sprout .
never show too much for your hand .
is to give your enemies of enemies to make a gift .
and friends had become enemies .
so how good do you know and then take private pleasure from that accomplishment ?
becoming celebrated , you makes a target .
better to be in the middle of the herd when the hunters had come to the head .
in the evening , unk_UH enjoyed his place of the spotlight on his peers , as unk_VBD the news of his exploit .
information and allowing no power , inviting others to understand that his capabilities were foolhardy .
his goal was to drain what experience he could at the service and then slip away from the ghost .
it would serve no useful purpose to have noticed any more than he had already been .
done at that point , he would adopt the lower profile and continue to accumulate pearls of experience to his work there .
that night as he lay his head on his bunk , he began the silent mental countdown .
when did he begin his new new life ?
the patience he 'd told himself was virtue to pay the enormous dividends that it became his bedtime mantra .
he needed to maximize his learning while he was still in school .
thats how he viewed his life as a point , hed arrived at it was his education .
the time had come soon when the pupil proved himself master , but now he had lessons to absorb .
and he still needed more hours of scuba time , as well as some orientation of flying planes and helicopters .
two curriculum was n't the curriculum , but he was unk_VBG to get them added .
you never know too much .
visions of his future cascading his awareness , he slowly drifted off to sleep , his days finally toil at the end .
the panamanian flag was flying , caruso old , at least forty years , and made a long trip to the times countless south countless times .
dark paint on her dented sides of steel , the rivets bubbled from the underlying rust .
she looked at her last legs as many of the freighters that made their way through the busy deep port of water .
it was an ingenious design that the modifications of the place had taken a discreet colon shipyard from panama while other unk_NNS attended to .
it was far more unk_JJ to use the muscle of unk_NNS instead of your own , and if the rivals got a firefight in the process , so much better .
the marines were long considered the only incorruptible military branch .
the army was notoriously riddled with the marines , but whatever reason would rot , had n't bought off , and so most feared the branches of law enforcement .
mexico had worked for an army and navy , the police and unk_NNS , internal security , included battling the drug cartels , especially a recent unk_NN , more specialized in groups .
the total army budget was less percent than unk_NN had put it at considerably for a billion dollars .
that was the contrast of over fifty billion dollars a year , wholesale value that cocaine moved through the cartels .
eighty , ninety percent margin the narcotraficantes had left vastly greater army than an army .
since the mexicans had taken trafficking of cocaine with unk_NNS , and the unk_NNS of earnest manufacturing had begun , gotten crazy money .
unk_NN 's profits were still significant to one of the two hundred percent unk_NN of the mexicans , but the margin in internationally trafficking was five tenfold .
an incredible margins direct function , unk_NN , substances , the target market in the united states .
but keeping illegal substances , especially since they were a huge demand that caused the profits to go to the roof .
mexico bore the brunt of the violence that ensued struggles of power , principally , because it was a geographic gateway in the largest market market drugs in the united states .
the range was six hundred meters from the closest point , unk_NN would need him , it was not gusting in a knot of twenty hed need the factor in .
this was his first active operation , since the special forces were graduating from course , so he felt a tingle of anticipation before finally testing his skills in the unk_JJ environment .
shooting targets , paper or silhouettes , was one thing , but another it was thick with enemies shooting back was quite another .
this operation was one of the tricky that the commander did n't want to get a gun battle if he did n't have to .
unk_UH questioned logic involved , but did n't say anything .
hed had a high-speed tender secured by the ships , stern contingency by the get-away , and also had a man watching the water approach , just in case .
because you never ever really knew you had to expect an unexpected .
but it was n't his place to second-guess his superiors , and he was interested to see how the exercise would play out .
he gave the marines a less twenty percent chance of taking a ship from the battle that meant hed see some real action .
albeit in the distance , but the truth preferred that .
long ago hed concluded that it was far safer from afar to be a hero rushing into a hail of slugs .
that would leave his peers .
hed pick his targets with surgical precision before they knew what to hit them .
two large norwegian wharf rats scurried away from the dock and two smoking men .
these were big rodents , their bodies were a good eighteen long inches with tails to match scavengers the size of small dogs .
the pier area was infested with them , and the city had given long ago up on trying to bring the control population .
unk_UH studied the bridge of battered ships for signs of life , slowly scanning the superstructure and taking his time with each reinforced helms windows .
he knew his reading was designed for unk_VBG vessels to withstand the seas up to sixty feet of height , the theory in waves would n't get any larger than that .
of course , the waves of a hundred foot waves , recorded some regularity , ignored the industry , because if you 'd built the ships those survive , they would be too expensive .
his night-vision scope illuminated the bridge with an eerie green .
there were two armed sentries visible in the superstructure , one of the walkway on the bridge and the other inside .
he could just make out a gleam of binoculars in the interior , so the opinion of the unk_NNS were the chances of the commanders scheme working less than zero diminished .
he was glad it was n't his ass in line with this one .
virtually anything other than a direct assault on the dock .
no wonder military casualties in the drug wars , so high .
operational plans amounted to the charge to brandishing the saber and screaming .
little expectation of anything but the blood bath .
he did n't envy his fellow commandos on their duty tonight .
there was no way this would go well .
he adjusted his scope to compensate for the stiffening wind and calculate his laser unk_NN 's distance .
six-hundred meters six-hundred .
like shooting fish out of the barrel , he thought , allowing himself the private luxury of a small smile .
anything , smile , but reassuring .
the commander gave the signal , and the two undercover men exited the building , holding one of the bottle of unk_NN in his hand and loudly talking about the inebriated slur .
when there were six total men in the gangplank , a breach of a breach and more building pour and reinforce them there .
they had two vehicles waiting to race out , filled with armed men , the gangplank for fifteen seconds that given the signal .
it seemed like suicide to unk_VB , but it was n't his job to craft a better plan .
he was only there to shoot that he was now perfectly positioned to do .
it was inefficient , which offended his sense of symmetry more than anything .
he watched as the two men staggered their way to the pier , and then returned his full attention to the bridge .
a pair of undercover operatives by the time they made it two sentries was the sight of the bridge due to an angle of the hull .
unless of course the two guards moved , which case disaster , plan , or alternatively , need aborted .
walking headfirst into the killing zone was generally a bad strategy anywhere in the world , not just in mexico , and he could n't see the commander barreling forward if the plan was doomed to failure .
at least he hoped not .
the exterior bridge of the bridge was carrying a pistol with the machine of some sort that looked it uzi to unk_VB .
that meant a limited useful range and accuracy .
the uzi antiquated design of an effective range of two hundred meters , fine in typical unk_JJ urban combat , but lousy applications requiring accuracy in the distance .
its effective range of unk_NN and the extremely high muzzle velocity , it made an ideal choice of assault applications , more compensated for its relatively small size of a slug .
hed fired all three of emilio for years and disassemble and reassemble any of them in the matter of seconds , so he knew unk_IN he spoke .
their luck was n't going well so far .
two smoking sentries on the dock , moved by the men , so take any engagement in place at the plain sight of the bridge .
that would mean a full-blown firefight with no cover , a likely very high toll on the special side of the forces .
he exhaled , unk_VBG his mind in preparation for the imminent attack , and zeroed in unk_VBZ barrett unk_CD sniper bridge rifle in on the upper torso .
the man on the bridge was still on his biggest concern .
it was a show of time .
he fixed the target on the bridge in the crosshairs and waited for instruction .
the commander was watching the approach , and not liking what he saw .
he understood unk_NNP that if the sentries on the bridge had n't caught unawares , the assault would have become a slaughterhouse of his men taking heavy casualties .
after struggling with an internal debate , the commander murmured the com system .
the mission was aborted .
shit , the commander hissed , and began pacing , mulling at his choices .
now theyd probably have to just pull up the armored vehicles and do this a hard way shooting it out with no element of surprise .
taking out a single sentry almost a thousand meters was a challenge , which was n't really much .
it was a single shot .
maybe two if they 'd send someone to find some armor-piercing rounds .
i have a word .
unk_UH asked .
the commander regarded him with surprise .
unk_NN was one of his best men , but he never spoke .
he was a loner , no relationships close to the corps .
this was n't a great moment .
yes , sir .
i know , sir .
very well .
make it quick , the commander barked .
we need to coordinate frontal assault before this goes on much longer .
permission , sir , approach .
get on , it .
unk_UH moved to the commanders 's side and spoke in a low , calm tone , explaining his ideas and arguing with the amphibian 's assault .
the commander listened carefully and then cut him off for forty-five seconds .
that would require far more stealth and luck , weve had tonight .
no , i think well , good old-fashioned frontal assault , and take our punches .
unk_NN considered arguing the point , and then decided he did n't care that much .
hed still get to shoot a couple of bad guys , at least , and what he would care at the end if the squad had mowed down half .
yes , sir .
thank you for hearing me out , sir .
if going to do frontal , i 'll please get a magazine from armor-piercing rounds .
come in , handy to take out the gunman on the bridge of the requested unk_NN .
the commander nodded and called the com to one of the team members waiting at the next building .
twenty minutes .
have em .
well , thirty move .
the commander spun around and began issuing orders in preparation for unk_NN assault .
theyd need a couple of armored personnel carriers enough to carry forty men .
the fallback plan was much more straightforward .
drive up the ship .
deploy the men if no firing takes the place and seize the ship .
if the sentries or the crew decided to shoot it out , blast away from everything in sight and shoot their way to a crew ship , either surrendered or dead .
it was inelegant and a result of a lot of flying bullets , but it had to benefit the simplicity .
unk_UH thanked him and emptied half of one of the spare magazines , counting out five shells and replacing them with five armor-piercing rounds .
he ejected the current bullet with a rifle and chambered one of the new armor-piercing cartridges , then returned to watching the sentries through his night-vision scope .
the commander checked his watch and ordered precisely unk_CD a.m. an assault on which happened to everything quickly .
two gray unk_NNS who resembled a small tanks that resembled more than anything else rumbled in the corner and out on the pier , followed by two hulking trucks .
the sentries froze on the dock , staring in numb disbelief at the apparition , and then hurriedly scuttled up the gangplank and disappeared up the ship .
one mans head reappeared for a few seconds , and then the gangplank collapsed on the concrete pier below .
the crash followed almost immediately , the steel watertight door slamming shut the boom .
as it was barred from within , grinding the cogs was audible halfway to the dock , even a baritone growl of vehicles .
it was going to be considerably harder to take the freighter now , because the traffickers had been forewarned .
unk_UH took the situation for a few moments , waiting for the right instant , and squeezed the trigger .
the boom was deafening with guns .
ringing in ears , he watched with satisfaction , both sentry standing on the bridge and the man who collapsed inside .
hed timed it so he was fired when the man was outside in front of the man on the bridge , effectively killing two birds in one armor-piercing stone .
no reason to waste his precious ammo , after all .
he swiveled his attention to the hull , where he could just make out heads popping up here and there was a nocturnal version of unk_NN in a fairground stall .
the man , wearing a baseball cap , leaned against the railing , and fired his weapon into the vehicles below .
unk_UH caressed the trigger again and watched the head of the shooters vaporized .
moving down the line , he waited for the opening and took out another .
he now was down to the four shells , the three contribution he felt fair , the ensuing wreck of the train train .
that left commandos and traffickers in the classic mexican standoff .
the shooting stopped on the other ship , a lone gunman who had n't made it inside in time , but the bulk of the tower bridges , and so , the unk_NNS line of sight .
firing the two unk_NNS , also stopped , though the entire waterfront area was still resonated with receding the echoes of the gunfire .
the commander barked orders from radio and men , emptied the carriers personnel and took up a position to mount an assault .
the men were flung below , three grappling hooks affixed to the black nylon rope on the edge of the unk_NNS .
unk_VBN hooks were all found in purchase .
unk_NN decided to shift into his position and moved to a row of windows in the warehouse until he placed more symmetrically and see down the entire length of the ship .
he set his rifle tripod down , not careful in the jar of the weapon , and resumed peering through the scope .
the gunman , the farthest end of the ship , stern right , taking the cover of the unk_JJ lip of the edge of the boats deck .
unk_UH calculated the distance and added an additional forty yards and adjusted accordingly , then waited for the mans head to pop back up .
unk_UH took his shot and the mans head dissolved into the bloody spray of fragments .
the deck was empty now , although it was still ugly , fighting the ship .
not his problem .
the commander gave the squad a unk_JJ signal , and seconds commandos swiftly moving up the ropes of the ship above .
sure enough , one of the hatches on the side glass opened and poked the barrel of the gun out .
the first commandos were only a few feet from the edge , so he only had before the second theyd been exposed to the gunman .
unk_NN fired , and the assault rifle tumbled harmlessly from below the deck , taking the three mans quarters , unk_VBD an arm around it .
that would give the rest of something to think about .
out there on , it was a textbook unk_NN .
they had to use explosives to blow the doors open , and the hull of fifteen minutes , the bursts of gunfire echoed through the boats .
eventually , the commander got all the clear call of the men inside and report status .
theyd have taken six hostiles out , no survivors and lost nine men in the process .
unk_NN unk_NN listened impassively , his face betraying nothing .
the commander glanced at him as he heard a casualty assessment , but unk_NN was busy packing up his gear , finished with his night work .
the commander approached him and stopped a few feet away , studying the silent sniper as he finished stowing his weapon in a long padded case .
great shooting .
you saved a lot of lives tonight , the commander said .
instead , he nodded and stood , shouldering the rifle case and unk_VBG his bag .
thank you , sir .
i had some lucky shots tonight .
we unk_VBP all fortunate .
nothing more there to say , he saluted his free hand before descending the stairs to join the remainder of his team .
it was a long stretch of duty for bodies and unk_VBD drugs , and he wanted to get the sight of the commanders in his contempt as the man leaked from his veneer .
it was n't worth it .
most of the world is composed of the commander 's idiots who is simply one many dolt and nothing that unk_NN said or change things .
it had been that night in his first live operation that he 'd probably already realized that everything he was going in the military had learned .
the time had already come after a little year at the service to reconsider his options .
to make matters worse , he 'd witnessed countless acts of bumbling bureaucracy with ranking officers , costing men with their command casualties for no good reason .
although he had different ideas about how he could service them .
he was shy now for three months on his nineteenth birthday and free to do as he was pleased .
yet there was some unfinished business he needed to attend the sinaloa back before he moved on to the next phase of his life .
hed learned to trust his judgment of these things , so he hopped from the bus and the long trip of veracruz began to culiacan .
wearing a special forces commando uniform , he afforded the privilege the company of the bus , so thankfully it cost him almost nothing to cross the nation .
two days after hed left his naval career behind , he descended the stairs with culiacan , blinking in the bright sunlight of the early spring day .
there was forty-two cramped hours of buses , eating whatever junk he could get through the irregular stops , his first business order , have a decent meal .
he 'd set off the search of the restaurant his favorite back in the day .
at the terminal , he hailed a cab , reciting the memory of the driver 's memory as he slid into the back seat .
the young man changed into the last hed town as had the city itself growing in leaps and bounds .
the boy left and returned the man .
the taxi had arrived at the restaurant , la unk_FW unk_NN nestled on the banks of unk_NNS in the canal .
the young man paid the driver and stepped out onto the pavement , unk_VBG his duffle as he studied the faade of the restaurant .
it was tuesday , so thin for breakfast business , had n't had a weekend in weekend with it .
the place typically had unk_NN 's crowd on saturdays and sundays , due to the generous portions of mouthwatering food and a soothing ambiance of the waterside .
he 'd been there a few times emilio on special occasions , and it was one of the things in his mind since the bus was boarding in veracruz .
this sleepy area seemed things always would remain the same as even as the city grew at an unprecedented rate .
the waitress arrived at the heaping breakfast platter , and as he tucked in he ran down his mental list .
the first thing he would need to do with secure reliable transportation .
taxis were n't going to be the option of what he had in mind , so hed need to get some sort of unk_NN , get some sooner than rather .
his unk_NN was as thin as it was , that meant stealing something , or probably several somethings , depending on how far he 'd decided to travel .
he munched his food , savoring the rich sauce rich , and cleaned his plate as efficiently unk_NN would .
he paid bill and strolled out on the rural road , scanning the surroundings for something he could liberate unk_RB .
in seconds , he was in the cab , scanning the surrounding street to ensure he had n't detected .
it took him ten seconds to find the ignition wires , and soon he was meandering down the familiar road that led to don 's miguels miguels .
the landscape was still verdant and wild , introduced by the seemingly impatient to encroach a slim man in progress .
when he was a quarter mile from the turnoff of the ranch , he pulled an old truck to track the dirt that led to the wilds and parked where it had n't seen the road .
it was cool in february , so he barely broke the sweat as he moved effortlessly through the foliage .
he paused momentarily , ears straining with any hint of habitation , but he detected nothing .
the main house was deserted , none of the security men everywhere when hed been living there .
no matter he did n't come anything from the house .
he wanted to see his mentor , emilio , and of course his daughter .
a young man continued to the perimeter and track until he reached the caretakers house that reposed several hundred yards through the woods .
he knew that it was a trail of hed only yesterday , the loosely placed flagstone that served in the driveway of all too familiar to his feet .
surprisingly , he felt the buzz of anxiety in the pit of his stomach as he neared the front door altogether , an alien sensation behind him .
pausing on the front porch , he registered there was something different home about the last time hed seen it almost two years ago .
it seemed quiet , as though nobody there had been much living in the main estate appeared in the distance .
there , it sat unchanged , next to the small emilio of the chevy unk_NN had bought jasmine to his bonuses , don miguel .
he moved back to the porch and knocked again .
the door was open .
its unk_NN yelled back at he .
inside , he heard a faint rustling , and then jasmines in a distinctive voice .
go away .
you unk_VBP nothing here .
the door was open .
i need to talk to your father .
its important , he tried again .
the dead .
everyones dead .
my father , his sister , and his mother .
theres me only left now , and i do n't want to see you .
just leave .
go now and stay away , jasmine warned .
how was that possible ?
whats happened since i left ?
tell me jasmine .
just open the door .
i did n't want to have this conversation with a slab of wood .
i 'd just travelled a thousand miles to see jasmine , unk_UH .
im begging you .
i need to see you .
no , you do n't .
you left a word for anyone and now come to death in the valley , and left its only me alive , and you .
do yourself a favor , and now while you can , jasmine implored him .
if you do n't open the door , break in .
you know , i 'll find the way .
please jasmine .
this had gone long enough .
the damned door is open so we can speak with the adults .
i need to know what unk_CC i need your help , he finished , hoping to stir something appeal to her .
he would understand she did not want to see him , but there were too many unanswered questions about him to take no an answer .
a seemingly eternal pause rattled the lock , and the door creaked open .
it was dark in a small living room , pulled all the drapes , he saw as jasmine padded bare feet back into the chair in front of the television , and sat .
she was wearing a nightgown , even though it was close to noon .
it was so dim that he could hardly make her out .
we turn on the light or open the window .
i did n't see my own hand in front of me .
unk_JJ , it was comfortable with this .
this is my house now , so i can keep like i 'm in the way .
if you have a problem with it , leave jasmine advised in a monotone .
what the hell was going on here ?
even for two years , people did n't change that much .
what happened ?
no problem .
you want it dark , i like it in the dark .
we 'll start over .
tell me what happened to your father , emilio .
start at the beginning .
i have n't had any news since i left .
i see you have a uniform .
is that what happened to you ?
you ran away and joined the navy .
thats classic .
total clich , she exclaimed with a bitter laugh .
its little more complicated than that .
but tell me your father .
when you left , you 've got out just in time .
someone had executed miguel as well as one of his lieutenants , either that was the same day or day after .
i did n't really remember now that so much happened so quickly .
anyway , nobody knew what to do , and it was chaos here .
but a word traveled fast because before miguel did don ground his rivals where fighting how his empire had been divided up .
it quickly escalated to the usual feud of the blood and soon culiacans streets littered the dead , jasmine explained .
the drug lord disappeared into the chaos , which followed no one much cared what had happened to the boy .
and your father .
one night several trucks showed up to the house , and we heard the gunfire .
he executed a few remaining staff in unk_NN , then he came between us .
my father had several guns and he tried to defend us and even killed three of the altamars henchmen , but nothing in the end of it .
there were too many of them , and they shot him death out in front of a dog .
unk_PRP was n't even business .
he just ran the horses and raised you , her voice trailed off .
im so sorry , jasmine .
ii did n't know what to say nothing to say .
after killing him , they broke down the door , dragged my grandmother , and auntie outside , and shot them into the head .
good god .
god , unk_VB you escaped , but i ca n't see you .
i tried to shoot them , but i was shaking too much and missed my first shot .
so then they came to meand unk_NN history , she said flatly .
what happened to jasmine ?
can you tell me ?
he did n't know how to react a horrible story and afraid to hear the rest , but he could n't help himself .
what happened ?
what happened ?
nobody here to protect me from you , gone , and my family killed .
they took turns raping me , what had happened over and over half the night .
i passed out , and when i came to , they were raping me more .
it went on for hours .
i know nothing i can say , or make anything better .
but find these men and punish them for what they did with you .
pay interest added .
just go .
i do n't want your help .
my life was over before it had a chance to really begin .
its not your fault , but i do n't want to see you ever again .
you remind me unk_RB that i had jasmine hope to listen to me .
theres still hope .
i know what happened horrible and stay with you forever , but theres always hope .
make this right or at least avenge your family and you , a young man promised .
no , you wo n't .
and no hope no .
trust me .
