there is a place in the city centre , xname , that is not family - friendly .

in the city centre there is a venue name xname , this is not a family - friendly venue .

xname is not a family - friendly place , located in city centre .

xname is not a family - friendly arena and is located in the city centre .

xname is not a family - friendly place in the city centre .

xname in city centre is not a family - friendly place .

xname is not family - friendly , and is near the xnear in the city centre .

near xnear in city centre is the adult establishment xname .

xname is not family - friendly . xname is in the city center and it is near xnear .

xname is near xnear in the city center . xname is not family - friendly .

near the xnear and in the city centre is xname , which is not family - friendly .

xname is an adult establish found in the city centre area near xnear .

xname is a family - friendly place in the city centre .

in the city centre there is a family - friendly place called xname .

the city centre has a family - friendly restaurant named xname .

xname city centre is family - friendly

xname is a family - friendly city centre .

there is a family - friendly restaurant named xname in the city centre .

xname is family oriented and located near xnear in the city centre .

the xname is a family - friendly restaurant located in the city centre near xnear .

located in the city centre near xnear , the xname is a family - friendly restaurant .

xname , located near xnear in the city centre , is family - friendly .

located xnear in the city centre , xname is family - friendly .

xname is family - friendly and located in the city centre near xnear .

xname looks like a location where people or families are n't allowed

xname is n't family - friendly but it is in riverside .

if you are searching for a place to go that's not family - friendly and near the riverside , xname is the place for you .

xname is a family - friendly living in riverside .

xname is a family - friendly living in riverside .

xname , located on the river . no good for families .

riverside has xname , which is not family - friendly .

xname is a not family - friendly place near the riverside .

no good for families . xname , close to the river .

xnear is near the xname which is not family friendly and located north of the city center .

xname is a restaurant located in riverside near xnear , xname is not a family - friendly restaurant .

located off the river near xnear , xname does not allow families .

xname is a non - family - friendly establishment near xnear at the riverside .

xname is a great venue located in riverside near xnear , is not a family - friendly restaurant .

xname at the riverside near xnear is a non - family - friendly establishment .

not family friendly xname across from xnear

xname , located near xnear , is not family - friendly .

xname is located near xnear in riverside . it is not family - friendly .

xname is not family - friendly . it is located near xnear in riverside .

xname across from xnear no kids

a kid friendly venue named xname is located on the riverside .

xname , situated by the river , is child friendly .

xname is child friendly and is located by the river .

xname is a family friendly place in the riverside area .

in the riverside area there is a restaurant that is kid friendly named xname

for a children friendly establishment in the riverside area , try xname .

the riverside restaurant , xname is very child friendly and great for adults as well .

xname is a child - friendly venue located on the riverside .

there is a family - friendly venue in the riverside area called xname .

at the riverside there is a friendly family place called xname

located in riverside area , xname restaurant is a place to bring the whole family .

there is a riverside restaurant called xname which is child friendly .

xname can be found in riverside and is family friendly .

being beside the river , xname is a family friendly place .

a family friendly place near the riverside is called xname .

visit xname by the riverside , it is kids friendly .

for a riverside , child friendly environment visit the xname .

xname is located near the riverside . it is child friendly .

xname in the riverside area is child friendly .

xname , on the riverside , is family - friendly .

xname is a child friendly place on the riverside .

there is child friendly restaurant in the riverside area named xname .

xname is a child - friendly place on the riverside .

the xname is in the riverside area . it is a family friendly place .

the xname is kid friendly and is located in the riverside area .

on the riverside , there is a kids friendly venue called xname .

xname is kid - friendly and is located at the riverside .

on the riverside there is a child friendly place called xname .

by the riverside you can find xname , which is a family friendly place .

in riverside you will find the kid - friendly restaurant xname .

if you want to take the children for a meal then try xname they provide a child friendly service in their riverside setting .

the xname is in the riverside area . it is family friendly .

if you are looking for a kids friendly establishment in the riverside area , try xname .

located in the riverside area the xname is kid friendly .

located in the riverside area , xname is child friendly .

a kid friendly place in riverside is xname .

xname , located in the riverside area is kid friendly .

you will find xname a nice child friendly place . it is located near xnear and riverside .

xname is near xnear and is not only riverside , but children friendly as well .

xname is a family friendly establishment in the riverside area near the xnear .

close - by to xnear is xname , a child - friendly restaurant by the riverside .

there is a family friendly place xname located near xnear in riverside .

xname is a children - friendly spot near xnear in riverside .

located near to xnear on the riverside , xname is a child friendly establishment .

there is a kid - friendly restaurant in riverside near the xnear named xname .

there is a kid friendly place in riverside near xnear named xname .

xname is a family - friendly location in the riverside area , near the xnear .

there is a child friendly place called xname by the riverside , near xnear .

family friendly venue near the xnear on the riverside is called xname .

near the riverside is a kids friendly eatery called xname . there is a xnear close to it as well .

in terms of kids friendly places , there's xname in riverside , near xnear .

for a family - friendly atmosphere in riverside , check out xname near the xnear .

near xnear on the riverside , there's a family friendly place named xname .

near xnear , there is a kid friendly place called xname near the riverside .

this kids - friendly restaurant called xname is located in riverside near xnear .

by the riverside near xnear , there's a kid friendly xname .

xname is a child friendly establishment located near xnear on the riverside .

xname , located near to xnear on the riverside , is a child friendly establishment .

in riverside , near xnear , there is a family friendly venue called xname .

the child - friendly xname is near to xnear by the riverside .

near xnear is the child friendly xname . it is by the river .

the child - friendly riverside venue xname is located near xnear .

near xnear , in the riverside area , is a place called xname , and it is kid friendly .

xname is a kids friendly place in the riverside area near xnear .

located riverside near xnear , xname is children friendly .

there is a family friendly venue named xname which is located at the riverside near xnear

near xnear is xname , which is child friendly and runs along the riverside .

xname is a family friendly place in riverside near xnear .

there's a kid - friendly restaurant named xname , located near the xnear at the riverside .

xname in riverside is child friendly and is located near xnear .

located near xnear in the riverside area , xname is known for its kid - friendly environment .

in riverside , near xnear , is a children family place called xname .

near the xnear is a children friendly place called xname .

on the riverside near the xnear there is a kids friendly place called xname .

xname is a family friendly restaurant close to the river near xnear .

there are child friendly establishments such as xnear and xname near the riverside .

there is an chinese coffee shop named xname near the riverside that has 1 out of 5 in the customer ranking and friendly with kid

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

xname , an interesting mix of coffee shop and chinese cuisine . a child friendly restaurant and located in a riverside area , it has been rated number 1 by existing customers .

xname coffee shop serves chinese food in the riverside area and is kids friendly but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5

xname is a coffee shop that offer chinese cuisine . rated number 1 by existing customers , it is located in a riverside area and welcomes children .

xname is an chinese coffee shop has 1 out of 5 in the customer rating near the riverside and friendly with kid

xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area . it sells chinese food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is very children friendly .

there is a coffee shop in the riverside area called xname . it sells chinese food and is children friendly . overall , it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname's a fairly decent coffee shop down at riverside . it has chinese food and allows kids on the premises .

if you're looking for a decent , family friendly coffee shop in riverside , then go to xname . it serves chinese food there too .

the xname coffee shop serves chinese food , is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is located riverside .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the riverside area with a good customer rating of 3 out of 5 , it is not child friendly .

xname is a kid friendly coffee shop with a 3 out of 5 rating serving chinese food located in the riverside area .

there is a coffee shop that serves chinese food called xname , in the riverside area , it is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

the kid friendly coffee shop , xname , serves chinese food and is located riverside . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop and also offer chinese food . we have a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . located in city center . unfortunately not family friendly

given a 5 out of 5 satisfaction rate by its customers , xname is a coffee shop joint known for its chinese food . this non - family friendly restaurant is located in the city centre .

xname is a coffee shop selling chinese food . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars . it is not family friendly and is located in the city centre

coffee shop and chinese food available at the xname . customer rating 5 out of 5 . city center based . not family friendly

there is a coffee shop called xname that provides chinese food . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 tars and is located in the city centre . it is not family friendly

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

there is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre that serves chinese food , xname . it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the city centre . it is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

xname coffee shop serves chinese food in the city centre . it is of high standard and families are welcome .

coffee shop xname serves chinese food in a family friendly environment and is of high quality . it is situated in the city centre .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

xname coffee shop serves chinese food in the riverside area . it is highly rated but not family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

xname is a highly rated coffee shop providing chinese food in the riverside area . it is not family friendly .

there is a coffee shop on riverside that serves chinese food xname . it is not family friendly and is rated 5 out of 5 by customers .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food on riverside . it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not family friendly .

xname is a chinese food coffee shop in riverside . it is family friendly and gets a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars .

xname is a coffee shop , which offers chinese food , and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it is located in a riverside area , and is family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food . this family friendly eatery in riverside gets 5 out of 5 stars .

for highly - rated chinese food in a family - friendly coffee shop setting , xname in riverside is a great option .

the highly - rated family - friendly coffee shop , xname , offers chinese food in the riverside area .

chinese food in the riverside area can be found at the highly - rated family - friendly coffee shop , xname .

xname a coffee shop in riverside serves family - friendly chinese food rated 5 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food that is rated average and is located in the city centre . xname is not family friendly .

xname coffee shop serves chinese food , with an average customer rating , located in the city centre , are not family friendly .

xname , coffee shop , chinese food , average customer rating , city centre , non family friendly

in there city center there is a coffee shop named xname that is average rated and serves chinese food

xname coffee shop makes chinese food , maintains an average customer service rating and are located in the city centre , service is geared towards adult clients not families .

xname is an average rated coffee shop that serves chinese food in the city center

xname , coffee shop , chinese food , customer rating average , city centre , no children

in city centre , xname is a coffee shop having chinese cuisine with average customer rating and is family friendly .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food . it is located in the city centre and has an average customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food . it has an average rating and it located in the city centre . it is family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food at average quality , it is in the city centre and is family friendly .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop that provides chinese food located in the city centre with average rating .

xname coffee shop have chines food , customer rating is average and it is family friendly . it is located in city centre .

xname has an average customer rating in riverside that provides chinese food .

xname is a chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating . it is in the riverside area , but not family friendly .

xname coffee shop serves average - rated chinese food . xname is in the riverside area and is not family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is average .

xname , a non - family friendly restaurant in the riverside area , serves average - rated chinese food .

in the riverside area there is a chinese coffee shop named xname . it is not really family friendly and has an average rating from customers .

xname is a family friendly chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area .

in the riverside area , xname chinese coffee shop , family friendly , rates average

xname coffee shop have chinese food with average customer rating in riverside and also children friendly .

there is an average chinese coffee shop at the riverside that is children friendly called xname .

in riverside , a coffee shop named xname provide chinese cuisine with kids friendly environment and average rating .

xname is a family friendly chinese coffee shop located in riverside . this establishment has a customer rating of average .

xname is an average chinese coffee shop by the river that caters to children also .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop featuring chinese cuisine . it is located in riverside and has an average customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food . it is located at the riverside . it has an average customer rating and it's family friendly

xname is an average coffee shop in the riverside area , but they also serve chinese food . xname is also children friendly .

family friendly chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area try xname . very average priced .

xname chinese coffee shop , family friendly , rates average in the riverside area .

xname , is a coffee shop eatery where you can dine on chinese cuisine and has earned an average customer rating , located in the riverside area and is a family friendly eatery .

a kid friendly coffee called xname is located near the riverside , it serves chinese food and receives high ratings .

xname is a coffee shop located riverside , which serves chinese . they have a high customer rating and are family friendly .

xname is a chinese coffee shop by the riverside with a high customer rating and is kids friendly .

xname is a nice coffee shop near the riverside that is kid friendly , also serves chinese food and receives high ratings

the chinese coffee shop by the riverside called xname has a high customer rating and is kids friendly .

the xname coffee shop has highly rated chinese food in the riverside area and is very kid friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is high .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is high .

the highly rated and kid friendly xname coffee shop serves chinese food in the riverside area .

the coffee shop , xname , serves chinese food . they are family friendly , located riverside and has a high customer rating .

xname coffee shop serves chinese food , is rated low , and is not family - friendly . it is located in the city centre .

xname , a chinese coffee shop , has a low rating , is not family friendly , and is located in the city centre .

low rate , not family friendly , xname chinese coffee shop in the city center .

xname chinese coffee shop in the city center , low rate , not family friendly

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food . it has low customer ratings and it is located in the city centre . it is not family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop located in the centre of the city . they serve chinese food and have a low customer rating . they are not family friendly

xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food in the city centre . it is a family friendly restaurant with a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre . its customer rating is low .

xname is a family friendly chinese coffee shop in the city centre with a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre . its customer rating is low .

the riverside xname coffee shop is not family friendly and has a low customer rating . it does serve chinese food .

the xname coffee shop serves chinese food . it has a low customer rating . it is on the riverside but is not family friendly .

conveniently located in riverside is a coffee shop serving low rated chinese food called xname . they are not family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is low .

xname is a chinese coffee shop in the riverside area . it is not family friendly and has a low customer rating .

xname is a low rated coffee shop serving chinese food in riverside . they are not family oriented .

xname is a family friendly chinese coffee shop in the riverside area .

there is a low customer rating coffee shop that provides chinese food located in riverside . xname is family friendly .

try xname for a low rated , family friendly coffee shop that offers chinese food in the riverside area .

xname is a family friendly chinese food coffee shop in the riverside area with a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is low .

xname is a chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating in the riverside area .

xname is a english coffee shop in riverside that is children friendly with the customer rating of 1 out of 5

near the riverside you can find a coffee shop called xname that serve english cuisine that welcomes kids but has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop selling british food . it has a low customer rating but is found by the riverside and is child - friendly .

an english coffee shop that welcomes children , xname is near the riverside with a low customer rating

yes , xname the coffee shop is by the riverside and serves english food , but it has a 1 out of 5 rating .

yes , xname the coffee shop is by the riverside and serves english food , but it has a 1 out of 5 rating .

coffee shop called xname serving english food near the riverside that welcomes kids with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is an english coffee shop that welcomes children near the riverside with a low customer rating

xname , a child - friendly english coffee shop in riverside , has a customer service rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a child - friendly english coffee shop in riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop selling british food . it has a low customer rating but is found by the riverside and is child - friendly .

in riverside , xname is an english coffee shop which is children friendly with the customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

a kid friendly english coffee shop , xname , rated 3 out of 5 and located in riverside

xname is a coffee shop that provides english food in the riverside area . it is friendly for kids and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

xname is an english coffee shop rated 3 out of 5 known for being kid friendly and located in riverside

there is a coffee shop xname in riverside offering english food . it is kids friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop in riverside offering english food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is also kids friendly

there is a friendly for kids coffee shop called xname that provides english food in the riverside area . the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

xname coffee shop server english food are not family - friendly , they do have 5 out of 5 customer rating , located in city centre

the coffee shop near the city centre with the name xname which is a no family - friendly english restaurant for customer rating of 5 out of 5

with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 xname is located in city centre , they have english food xname is a coffee shop are not family - friendly .

in the city centre there is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 called xname which serves english food .

xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre which is not family - friendly with a customer rating 5 out of 5 .

xname , the coffee shop in the city center was given a customer rating of 5 out of 5 for a no family - friendly english restaurant

there is a coffee shop in the city center called xname that offers food , is family - friendly and has a five star customer service rating .

xname coffee shop serves english food in a family - friendly atmosphere near the city center and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

the xname coffee shop is family - friendly and serves english food . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located near the center of the city .

xname located in the city centre that is a five - star rated , family - friendly coffee shop , that also offers food .

xname is an english coffee shop by the riverside . it is not family - friendly , and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

by the riverside , there is an english coffee shop named xname . it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not family - friendly .

there is an english coffee shop near the riverside named xname that is not family - friendly .

xname is a non - family - friendly english coffee - shop located near the riverside .

with a 5 out of 5 customer rating , xname on the riverside is a family friendly , english coffee shop .

xname is a family - friendly riverside coffee shop that serves english food . it gets a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is a family - friendly coffee shop located in a riverside area . it serves english food , and customers give it a 5 out of 5 star rating .

xname is a 5 star coffee shop located along the river . it is family friendly .

5 out of 5 rated english food , xname coffee shop is family friendly located in riverside .

family friendly coffee shop , xname , located along the river has been rated 5 stars .

there is a cheap coffee shop xname that is opened to all age groups and provide quality coffee drinks .

family friendly coffee shop , xname is located in riverside serving 5 out of 5 rated english food .

for a family friendly , english coffee shop , try xname on the riverside . customers rate it 5 out of 5 .

xname is a highly recommended coffee shop that has exquisite breakfast options .

xname is a coffee shop providing quality drinks at a very low price . it is opened to all age groups .

the xname is a coffee shop which serves english food in the city centre , it is not family - friendly also has an average customer rating .

in the city centre with just an average customer rating , xname serves food that is english , no children allowed in this coffee shop .

xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre . it offers english food with an average rating . it is not family - friendly .

xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre that offers english food . it has an average customer rating and is not family - friendly .

in city centre is a coffee shop called xname . it serves english food . it is not family - friendly . it has an average customer rating .

xname is an english coffee shop in city centre . it has an average customer rating . it is not kid friendly .

english , family - friendly english coffee shop located in city centre is xname . it has an average rating .

xname is a coffee shop that offers english food . it is family - friendly . customer ratings are average . it is located in the city center .

xname is a coffee shop that offers english food . it is family - friendly . customer ratings are average . it is located in the city center .

xname is an english coffee shop that is located in the city centre . it is family - friendly and has an average rating .

in the city centre area , there is a coffee shop called xname that serves traditional english food . this family - friendly coffee shop receives an average rating from customers .

xname is a family - friendly coffee shop where you can eat english style food in the city centre area . customers rate this coffee shop as average .

xname serves english food in coffee shop and is located in the riverside area . rated average . kid unfriendly

xname is an english coffee shop that also serves food . it is located in the riverside area . it has an average rating and is not family - friendly .

in the riverside area xname serves english food in a coffee shop environment . not considered family - friendly it has and average customer rating .

xname serves english food in coffee shop and is located in the riverside area . rated average . kid unfriendly

xname is a coffee shop located outside of the city centre , it is very family friendly and serves food

xname , the family friendly coffee shop that serves english food by the riverside has been average rated ,

if you are looking for great english coffee that has an average customer rating and is kid friendly then go to xname , the coffee shop located in riverside

located by the river , xname is a british coffee shop serving food at all times of the day .

xname is an average rated coffee shop that servers english food in riverside is children friendly

there is a cheap restaurant xname located in the centre of the city that provides take - away deliveries .

located in riverside with an average customer rating , xname is a child - friendly coffee shop that serves english food .

the name of the place is xname . the location is right by the riverside , next to a coffee shop . yes , it's family friendly and dining will be done in english .

xname is a coffee shop providing take - away deliveries in the low price range . it is located in the city centre .

xname is a average customer rated family coffee shop .

the coffee shop located on riverside named xname serves english inspired coffee , is family friendly and has an average customer rating .

xname is an average rated coffee shop that servers english food in riverside . it is children friendly as well

the name of the place is xname . the location is right by the riverside , next to a coffee shop . yes , it's family friendly and dining will be done in english .

a child friendly english coffee shop in riverside called ' xname ' has an average customer rating .

xname coffee shop in riverside has a moderate customer rating serving english food .

xname is a coffee shop that serves english food and is child - friendly , with an average customer rating it is located in riverside .

xname is a average customer rated family coffee shop .

although children friendly , xname is a moderately priced five star coffee shop serving english food in the riverside area .

there's a high rated coffee shop that is kid friendly and serves english food on the riverside named xname .

there is a highly rated children friendly english coffee shop in the riverside area . it is called xname .

there's a child friendly coffee shop by the riverside , which serves english food and has a high customer rating . it's called xname .

xname is an english food serving coffee shop on the riverside . it has a high customer rating and is kid friendly .

xname is a child - friendly coffee shop located on riverside . it serves english food and has a high customer rating .

the coffee shop xname is child - friendly and has a high customer rating . it serves english food and is located on the riverside .

xname is a child friendly coffee shop which serves english food . it's by the riverside and has a high customer rating .

xname is a moderately priced five star coffee shop that serves english food in a children friendly environment in the riverside area .

there is a highly rated children friendly english coffee shop in the riverside area . it is named xname .

the xname is an english coffee shop located in the city centre that is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .

xname is a low rated coffee shop that serves english food . it is located in the city centre and is not family - friendly .

the xname is an english coffee shop located in the city centre with a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .

there is a low rated coffee shop xname in the city centre that is not family - friendly . . it provides french food .

xname serves fresh coffee with a family atmosphere in the city centre .

located in the city centre , xname is a family - friendly coffee shop . they sell amazing english food , but have a low customer rating .

xname has coffee with a friendly atmosphere and located in city centre .

xname is a coffee shop that is family - friendly and sells english food . it has a low customer rating and is located in the city centre .

xname is small coffee shop , ideal for individuals near the city centre of cambridge

xname is a coffee shop which is not family friendly . it serves british food .

in riverside , there is an english coffee shop called xname . it has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing english food it is located in riverside area and has low ratings

xname is a british small coffee shop , ideal for individuals look for a short stop near the waterfront

xname is a coffee shop near city centre not family orientated

xname is a coffee shop near city centre not family orientated

xname is a coffee shop located in the area of riverside .

xname is a low - priced coffee shop in the riverside .

xname is a coffee shop serving british food . it is not family friendly .

xname is an english coffee shop in riverside . it is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .

xname has a low rating they are in the riverside area , they have food and coffee . they are family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop , which has a nice clientele , family atmosphere and english food service . it is located in the area of riverside

xname is a family friendly coffee shop located on the river . it serves english food but has a low customer rating .

for english food , try the family friendly coffee shop , xname . it is located at the riverside . the coffee shop has a low customer rating .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop located near the river .

xname is a coffee shop and restaurant that is family restaurant located north of the city center .

xname offers food and is a coffee shop that is family friendly and located north of the city center .

xname is a nice coffee shop in the riverside area with a family atmosphere positively charming , english food and friendly clientele

xname is a one - star coffee shop that is family friendly . it is located near the river .

xname in city centre near xnear .

a restaurant called xname is located near xnear in the city centre area .

xname is near xnear in the city center .

xname is near xnear in city centre .

a restaurant named xname is located near xnear in the city centre area .

xname is in the city center near xnear .

by the riverside and near xnear is xname .

xname is near xnear . it is located on the riverside .

by the riverside , close to xnear , a xname can be found .

xname can be found in the riverside area near xnear .

xname is in the area of riverside , near xnear .

xname can be found near xnear in the riverside area .

check out the xname in the riverside area , located near xnear .

in the riverside area there is a restaurant called xname . it located near xnear .

come visit xname in the riverside area near xnear .

along the riverside and near xnear sits xname .

xname is located near xnear along the riverside .

there is a place called xname in riverside . it is near the xnear .

xname coffee shop has chinese food with customer rating of 1 out of 5 , at riverside , is kids friendly and is near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop near xnear in the riverside area . it offers chinese food and has a 1 out of 5 rating .

xname coffee shop offers chinese food with customer rating of 1 out of 5 in riverside , is kids friendly and is near xnear .

if you want a kids - friendly place on the riverside which is both a coffee shop and for chinese food , xname is a match . it situated in a convenient location near xnear but the customer rating is rather low , 1 out of 5 .

near xnear , in the riverside area , with a 1 out of 5 rating , is the xname coffee shop with chinese food .

the coffee shop xname , in the riverside area , offers chinese food . it allows children and is located near the xnear but it has a rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop serving chinese food in riverside near the xnear , recent customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

near xnear in riverside , you will find xname , a kid friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food with a 1 out of 5 rating .

riverside has a 1 out of 5 rated coffee shop found near xnear called xname that serves chinese food and is kid friendly .

the xname , is a coffee shop also serving chinese food . it is located near xnear . on the bright side , it a kids - friendly place on the riverside , but the customer rating is rather low , 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop with chinese food , has a customer rating 1 out of 5 , in the riverside area . it is children friendly and near xnear .

if you are near the xnear in riverside . the xname is a chinese food coffee shop that is kid friendly and gets a pretty good customer rating at 3 out of 5 stars .

xname is located in the riverside area near the xnear . it is a coffee - shop style chinese restaurant . it receives average reviews and is kid friendly .

xname is a coffee - shop style restaurant serving chinese food . it is located near the xnear in the riverside area . it is kid - friendly and receives average ratings .

near the xnear at the riverside there is a coffee ship called xname which serves chinese food . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food near the xnear at the riverside . it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

rated 3 out of 5 , xname is a coffee shop that sells chinese food . it is located in riverside , near the xnear , and is a kid friendly destination .

xname is a chinese food coffee shop in riverside near the xnear . it is kid friendly and gets a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

the customers rating of xname is 5 out of 5 . it is not family friendly . it is located to the city centre near xnear .

located near xnear and the city center , xname coffee shop is a 5 out of 5 star rated restaurant worth visiting . xname is not family friendly , but offers a unique menu of chinese foods .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

xname is a chinese coffee shop , it is not friendly to family . it is located to the city centre near xnear .

if you are looking for a non - family friendly chinese coffee shop , xname is a 5 star rated location worth checking out . it is located near the city center , close to xnear .

xname is a chinese coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating by the city centre near xnear that is not family friendly .

xname is a chinese coffee shop near xnear in the city centre . rating is 5 out of 5 and family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop that sells chinese food . it has a high customer rating , is family friendly , and is located in the city centre near the xnear .

xname is a chinese coffee shop near xnear . it is located in the city centre . rating is 5 out of 5 and family friendly .

the xname is a chinese coffee shop that has a 5 out of 5 rating , located in the city centre , but it is still family friendly and near xnear .

there is a coffee shop named xname which offers chinese food . the customer rating is 5 out of 5 . it is in the city centre and it is family friendly . it is near the xnear .

in the city centre there is a chinese coffee shop called the xname around where the xnear is . it has very good customer ratings a straight 5 out of 5

xname is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre that sells chinese food . customers rate it 5 out of 5 , and it is near the xnear .

chinese food specialists , coffee shop , xname located near the xnear is not a family friendly place however is located at the riverside .

in riverside near xnear , there is a 5 out of 5 rating , family friendly chinese food coffee shop called xname .

xname is not a family friendly coffee shop , it serves chinese food and has a rating of 5 out of 5 by its customers . located near a riverside and xnear .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food by the riverside near xnear . it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is not family friendly .

adults - only coffee shop , xname , serves chinese food . it is rated 5 out of 5 by customers and is located by the riverside close to xnear .

with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , coffee shop xname located at the riverside near the xnear offers chinese food - however is n't family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop which serves chinese food , rated a 5 out of 5 by its customers . it is located at a riverside and is near the xnear and is not family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear on the riverside . they offer chinese entrees , and have excellent customer reviews . they accept all families .

there is a coffee shop serving chinese food on riverside near xnear . they welcome families and have have a five star rating . it is called xname .

xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food . it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is family friendly . it is located near xnear in the riverside area .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop that offers chinese food . it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located near xnear in the riverside area .

located near the xnear in the riverside area is a family friendly restaurant with a 5 of 5 customer rating named xname .

the xname is a 5 out of 5 , family friendly coffee shop with chinese food along the riverside near the xnear .

the xname is a chinese coffee shop located near the xnear in riverside . this family friendly restaurant has a great customer rating at 5 of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the city centre , near xnear . it is not family friendly and has an average customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

there is a coffee shop on riverside that serves chinese food in the city centre , near xnear , xname . it is not family friendly and has an average customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

a coffee shop for families , xname , serving chinese food is situated in the city centre , near the xnear . it receives an average rating . .

near xnear there is a coffee shop called xname with chinese food

xname is a coffee shop with chinese food and an average rating in city centre near xnear

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

the average coffee shop , xname , serves chinese food near the xnear in the city centre .

xname , a coffee shop that receives average ratings from customers is a family friendly chinese restaurant located in the city centre near the xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food . the customer rating is average . it is located in the riverside by xnear and is not family friendly

for chinese food on the riverside try xname coffee shop . it serves chinese food and has received average customer ratings . it is near xnear but is not suitable for customers looking for a family friendly eating house .

the xname coffee shop serves chinese food . the customer rating is average but is not family friendly . it is located on the riverside near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

there is a chinese coffee shop named xname that is not family friendly and has an average rating . it is in the riverside area near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the riverside area near xnear . it is not family friendly and has an average customer rating .

in the riverside near the xnear is a family friendly chinese coffee shop . it has an average customer rating and is named xname .

there is a coffee shop located near xnear , in the riverside area , called xname . they offer chinese food , are reported to be family friendly , and have and average customer rating .

xname is a riverside coffee shop near the xnear . it is a family friendly coffee shopping which serves chinese food and has an average rating

an average , family friendly coffee shop located near the xnear , the xname serves chinese food .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

xname is an average rated coffee shop serving chinese food . it is located by the riverside , near to the xnear and is family friendly

chinese food is served at the xname coffee shop . it has an average customer rating , is located in the riverside area near the xnear and yes , is family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop located near the xnear , in the riverside area . this establishment offers chinese food , is family friendly , and has an average customer rating .

xname coffee shop serves chinese food . located in riverside , xname is children friendly . the customers rate their experience as average . you can find this location near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food . it is located in the riverside area near the xnear , has an average customer rating and yes , is family friendly .

an average rated chinese coffee shop located in riverside is called xname . it is near xnear .

xname is a chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating located in the riverside near xnear . it is family friendly .

xname is a chinese coffee shop with an average rating located in riverside near xnear .

the kid friendly coffee shop , xname , serves chinese food and is located in riverside near the xnear . it has a high customer rating .

the xname is a low rated , kids friendly coffee shop offering chinese food which is located at riverside near xnear .

xname is a high rated coffee shop offering chinese food and is kids friendly . it is located at riverside near xnear .

the highly rated coffee shop xname is a kids friendly establishment in the riverside area near to the xnear offering chinese food .

xname is a coffee shop are on the riverside located near xnear . they serve chinese food , have a high customer rating , and are kid friendly .

the coffee shop xname is situated near the xnear in the riverside area . offering chinese food , it is kids friendly establishment with a high customer rating .

xname is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food . they have a high customer rating and are located near the xnear on the riverside .

located near the xnear , xname is a coffee shop styled establishment that sells delicious chinese food . known in the riverside area for it's children friendly atmosphere , it has received high ratings .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is high .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is high .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is high .

xname is a low rated coffee shop that serves chinese food in the centre of the city . located near xnear this coffee shop is not family friendly .

the coffee shop xname serves chinese food and is not family friendly , it has a low customer service rating . it's located near the xnear in the city centre .

xname is a coffee shop in the city centre , near xnear , that also serves chinese food , is not family friendly and has a low customer rating .

there is a coffee shop called xname in the city centre , near xnear , that serves chinese food , it is not family friendly and has a low customer rating .

xname coffee shop is located in the city centre near xnear . serving chinese food , it is not family friendly and has a low customer rating .

the coffee shop xname serves chinese food . it is not family friendly and has a low customer service rating . it's located near the xnear in the city centre .

xname coffee shop serves chinese food and is not family friendly . with a low customer rating , it is located in the city centre near xnear , it is not family friendly .

xname is a family friendly chinese coffee shop with low customer rating in the centre of the city near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is low .

there is a coffee shop that serves chinese food , in the city centre near the xnear called xname , it is family friendly , but the customer rating is low .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food , located in the city centre near xnear . the customer rating is low but is family friendly .

xname is a family friendly chinese coffee shop with low customer rating in the centre of the xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is low .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is low .

xname is a coffee shop located by the riverside and near xnear . no it is not family friendly but does offer chinese food . it has a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is low .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is low .

xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food , has a low customer rating and is located by the area of riverside . no it is not family friendly . xname is near xnear .

the xname is a family friendly coffee shop with low customer rating . it has chinese food and is located near the xnear in riverside .

xname is a chinese coffee ship with a low customer rating . it is family friendly place locater in the riverside area the xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is low .

xname is coffee shop with low customer rating . it serves chinese food . they are located in riverside near the xnear .

in the riverside near the xnear is a family friendly chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating known as xname .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is low .

a family coffee shop with english food is xname , in the area of riverside close to xnear with a customer rating 1 out of 5

xname is located near xnear in riverside . it's a coffee shop that serves english food and is kid friendly but only rated 1 out of 5 .

xname is a kid friendly english coffee shop located at the riverside near the xnear . customers rate it 1 out of 5 .

a coffee shop called xname provides english food and is near to xnear . it is kids friendly and is by the riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a family coffee shop in the area of riverside , they also sell english food with a rating 1 out of 5 is near to xnear

xname is a child friendly english coffee shop that is located near the xnear in the riverside area . it has a rating of 1 out of 5 .

the kid friendly coffee shop , xname , near xnear in riverside serves english food . it only got 1 out of 5 .

there is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near xnear named xname rated 1 out of 5 .

there is a children friendly english coffee shop by the xnear near the riverside area called xname . it has a rating of 1 out of five .

near to the xnear there is a kids friendly coffee shop called xname that provides english food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near xnear rated 1 our of 5 .

near the xnear at the riverside , there is a kid friendly english coffee shop called xname , customers rate is 1 out of 5 .

there is an english coffee shop called the xname which is located in the riverside area near the xnear which has a decent rating of 3 out 5 . and yes it is a kid friendly environment .

xname is a kids friendly coffee shop located near the xnear in riverside . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

yes , near the xnear , there is an english coffee shop called the xname which has a good customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname near the xnear in the riverside area is a kids friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname serves english food in a coffee shop . rated 5 out of 5 stars . it is near xnear and in the city centre area . it is not family - friendly .

the xname is a highly rated non - family - friendly coffee shop , located in the city centre near the xnear , which serves english food .

xname coffee shop serves excellent english food near the xnear in the city centre . not family - friendly .

near xnear in the city centre , xname english coffee shop . not family - friendly

xname is a coffee shop serving english food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 stars . it is in the city centre area near the xnear . not kid friendly

in the city centre , near the xnear , there is a highly rated non - family - friendly coffee shop called xname that serves english food .

xname is a family - friendly coffee shop near the xnear in the centre of the city . they serve english food and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

family - friendly highly rated english food at xname coffee shop in the city centre near xnear

in the city centre near xnear is family - friendly highly rated english food at xname coffee shop

serving english food , xname is a family - friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it is located near the xnear in the city centre .

xname is an english coffee shop near xnear . it is located on the riverside . it is not family - friendly , but receives a 5 out of 5 rating .

xname is an english coffee shop located on the riverside . it is not family - friendly , but received a 5 out of 5 rating . it is near xnear .

for an adults - only venue , rated 5 out of 5 by its patrons , head to xname , near xnear in riverside . it is a coffee shop offering english food .

xname , a 5 out of 5 english coffee shop , is not kid friendly . it is located near xnear and riverside .

near the xnear and riverside , the 5 out of 5 english coffee shop xname , is no kid friendly .

xname , near xnear in riverside , is a coffee shop offering english food . although not family - friendly , it has been rated 5 out of 5 by its patrons .

for english food in the riverside area , xname is a high - rated english food restaurant near xnear . it is family friendly .

xname is a good coffee shop for family . it's not in the city centre . family can eat breakfast at xname . this caf in not in the centre of the city , it's near the xnear .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop serving english food in the riverside area . it is near the xnear and rated 5 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear . it serves english food . it is family friendly and has a 5 star rating .

there is a family - friendly coffee shop called xname that is not far from the xnear .

xname , a coffee shop , has a customer rating 5 out of 5 , english food , family friendly , in the riverside area , and near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop near the xnear . it's a good caf for family . it does n't located on the centre of city . it's a good place for eating breakfast .

xname is a five - star , family friendly coffee shop that is close to the xnear .

xname is a family friendly english coffee shop near the xnear on the riverside . it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

xname boasts a five star rating , is family friendly , and serves english food . it is located next to xnear .

near xnear in the riverside area , is a coffee shop called xname has english food , family friendly with a customer rating 5 out of 5 .

xname is in the city centre near xnear . it has an average rating and serves english food in a coffee shop setting , it is n't family - friendly .

xname is an english coffee shop located near the xnear in the city centre . they have an average customer rating and re not family - friendly .

xname is an english coffee shop near xnear in the city centre . it has an average customer rating .

xname is an english coffee shop located near the xnear in the city centre . they have an average customer rating and re not family - friendly .

in the city centre near xnear is a non family - friendly coffee shop called xname . it serves english food with an average customer rating .

xname with an average customer rating is an english coffee shop near xnear in the city centre .

in the city centre , near xnear is xname , a coffee shop . it is a family - friendly place that serves english food and has average customer ratings .

near xnear in the centre of the city is a coffee shop , xname . serving english food , it has average customer ratings but if family - friendly .

located near xnear , the xname coffee shop serves english food in a family - friendly environment and has an average customer rating .

xname is a family - friendly coffee shop providing english food . it is located in city centre near the xnear and it has average customer's rating and

the xname coffee shop , located near xnear , serves english food in a family - friendly environment and has an average customer rating .

there is a family - friendly coffee shop xname in the city centre near the xnear that provides english food and it is average rating hotel .

xname is a non - family - friendly , english coffee shop near xnear in riverside . it has an average customer rating .

located near xnear in the riverside area is xname , a coffee shop serving english food with an average customer rating . it is not child friendly .

xname is a coffee shop style with english food located at the riverside near xnear with an average customer rating and is not family - friendly .

xname is a coffee shop serving english food with an average customer rating . it is located near xnear in the riverside area and is not child friendly .

xname is located at the riverside near xnear with an average customer rating . it is a coffee shop with english food and is not family - friendly .

xname is a non - family - friendly , english coffee shop near xnear in riverside with an average customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area near to xnear . it serves english food and is family friendly . it has a customer rating of 3 stars .

xname is a well liked children friendly english coffee shop located in riverside near the xnear .

xname , located near xnear in the riverside area , is a family - friendly coffee shop offering english fare . xname received average customer reviews .

english food can be found in a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area . it is called xname and is located near to the xnear . it has an average customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop . it has english food , family friendly . it is near the xnear , riverside , and customer rating is average .

the riverside yes average coffee shop xnear english xname .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop located near xnear .

near xnear , in riverside , xname coffee shop offers english food and a child friendly environment . they have average customer ratings .

xname , located in riverside near the xnear , is a well liked english coffee shop that offers a children friendly atmosphere .

xname is a coffee shop that is family friendly and serves british food . it is down the road from xnear .

xname is an english coffee shop . it located near riverside near xnear . it's family friendly . the customer rated it average .

the riverside is an average place to eat , yes it is child friendly and is located on the riverside near xnear with english food and it is called xname also it is a coffee shop .

a coffee shop , xname is riverside and near xnear . it has average customer rating and is family friendly .

a family - friendly coffee shop with average customer reviews , xname serves english food and can be found in the riverside area near the xnear .

with average customer ratings , xname coffee shop near xnear in riverside offers english food and a child friendly environment .

xname is an english coffee shop . it located near riverside near xnear . it's family friendly . the customer rated it average .

xname is a coffee shop that is family friendly and serves british food . it is down the road from xnear

a kid friendly coffee shop just opened up by the xnear . i give high ratings to xname for their english muffins and their beautiful view of the riverside .

there is a kid friendly highly rated english coffee shop in the riverside area near xnear . it is called xname .

a new coffee shop called xname just opened up by the xnear , the first kid friendly one . it has a lovely view of the riverside , and amazing english muffins . i give high ratings .

in riverside , conveniently located near the xnear , is a coffee shop called xname . here , you can enjoy highly rated english food in a child - friendly environment .

the xname is near xnear . it is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves english food with a high customer rating

there is a kid friendly highly rated english coffee shop in the riverside area near xnear . it is named xname .

xname near xnear is a coffee shop serving english food with a high customer rating are children friendly and on the riverside .

xname near the xnear at the riverside boasts the best english food at a coffee shop with a kid friendly environment known for its high customer rating .

the xname is kids friendly coffee shop that serves english food . it is near xnear and has a high customer rating .

xname is an english coffee shop located in riverside near the xnear . it boasts high ratings and is child - friendly .

known for its high customer rating , you should check out the kid friendly environment at xname located down by the riverside right near the xnear .

xname is a coffee shop serving english food with a high customer rating are children friendly and on the riverside , situated near the xnear

on the city centre is located a great coffee shop named xname next to xnear

xname is a coffee shop with great english food close to xnear

xname is a coffee shop . it offers english food . it is not a family - friendly establishment . it is located in the city centre area near xnear . it has a low customer rating .

for a restaurant serving english food in the city centre , xname is a coffee shop located near the xnear . customers have given it a low rating , and it is not family - friendly .

xname is a coffee shop that provides english food . it is not a family - friendly establishment . it is located in the city centre near xnear . it has a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop serving english food near xnear in the city centre . it is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .

xname , a family - friendly english food coffee shop near xnear in the city centre has a low customer rating .

the family - friendly coffee shop , xname , serves english food in a family - friendly environment . it is neat xnear in the city centre and has a low customer rating .

the coffee shop named xname is family - friendly and serves english food . it is located near xnear in the city centre and has a low customer rating .

there is a family - friendly coffee shop xname that serves english food located in the center of the city near xnear that has low customer rating .

near xnear is a coffee shop named xname ; it is family - friendly but low rated .

in the city centre area near xnear you will find xname - a family - friendly coffee shop offering english food with low ratings .

xname is a family - friendly coffee shop that is located near the xnear which is outside the city centre .

xname is a coffee shop serving english food . it is located in the riverside area near xnear . with low ratings .

xname offers english food and it has low customer rating . there is no family area . it is located in the riverside , near to xnear .

xname is a coffee shop near the xnear . it is not family friendly .

xname found near xnear in riverside is a non family - friendly coffee shop that serves english foods and a low customer rating .

in the riverside , near to xnear is located a coffee shop named xname that offers english food and it has low customer rating . there is no family area .

located near the xnear is a coffee shop that has something on the menu for the whole family called xname .

xname is a one - one star coffee shop located near xnear .

north of the city centre there is a one - star coffee shop . xname is located on the river beside xnear .

xname is a english food , coffee shop that is not family - friendly near xnear in riverside with a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop serving english food . it is located in the riverside area near xnear . with low ratings .

families with children are welcome at xname coffee shop , located on the riverside near the xnear , where they will be served poor - quality english food .

xname is located in the riverside area near the xnear and is a family friendly coffee shop serving english food with a low customer rating .

a family friendly coffee shop near the xnear in the city centre is xname . it is low rated .

near xnear by the riverside is xname , a family friendly coffee shop that serves english food . it has a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop serving english food . although given low customer ratings , it is family friendly . it is located near xnear in the riverside area .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop which serves english food . it is located in the riverside area near xnear and is given low customer ratings .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop that serves english food . it has a low customer rating , and is located by the riverside near xnear .

xname is a low rated , family friendly coffee shop . it is located near the xnear in the city centre . .

xname coffee shop , on the riverside near the xnear , welcomes families with children , and serves poor - quality english food .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food , has a rating of 1 out of 5 and is located at riverside near xnear

xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area near xnear that has a rating 1 out of 5 . they serve chinese food .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food . it has a rating of 1 out of 5 and is located at riverside near xnear

xname chinese coffee shop by the riverside , near xnear only has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

there is a coffee shop xname in the area of riverside near xnear . it has a rating 1 out of 5 and serves chinese food .

the chinese coffee shop by the riverside near xnear that only has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 is called xname .

there is a chinese coffee shop near xnear in the riverside area called xname its not got a good rating though .

xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food . they are located riverside and rated 3 out of 5 . they can be found near xnear .

xname coffee shop chinese food has moderate customer rating of 3 out of 5 , located in the riverside near xnear .

xname in riverside , near xnear has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is a coffee shop and also has chinese food .

xname coffee shop and chinese food in riverside near xnear with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname coffee shop chinese food , is merely average for customer ratings it received 3 out of 5 , the shop is located in the riverside near xnear .

in riverside there is a 3 out of 5 rated coffee shop called xname that serves chinese food near xnear

near xnear in riverside is a coffee shop named xname that serves chinese food and is rated 3 out of 5

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

a coffee shop named xname serves highly rated chinese food near xnear in the city centre .

there is a highly rated coffee shop serving chinese food near xnear in the city centre named xname .

in riverside near xnear there is a chinese coffee shop called xname , they are rated 5 out of 5 .

xname chinese coffee shop is rated 5 out of 5 and is near xnear in riverside .

xname is a coffee shop located in the riverside near the xnear that provides chinese food , with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food . it is located in the riverside near the xnear and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food . xname located in the riverside area near xnear .

the xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in the riverside area near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food with an average customer rating and is located in the city near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre near xnear . it has an average customer rating and serves chinese food .

chinese coffee shop xname is near xnear in the city centre and has an average customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop that serves indian food near xnear and located within the city centre and has an overall average customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop which also serves chinese food . it is located near xnear in the city centre and with an average customer rating .

xname coffee shop serves chinese food and has an average customer rating . it is in the city centre near xnear .

xname is an average rated restaurant in the city centre near xnear . it is a coffee shop that serves chinese food .

in the riverside area , near xnear , a coffee shop with chinese food , xname , has an average customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop with chinese food , having an average customer rating , located in the riverside area near xnear .

there is an average rated chinese coffee shop near xnear called xname . it is located in the riverside area .

xname coffee shop , in the riverside area near xnear , offers customers average - rated chinese cuisine .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

xname is a chinese coffee shop that has an average customer rating . it is located near xnear in the riverside area .

coffee shop xname provides chinese food and is located close to xnear by the riverside

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food . it is located in riverside near xnear and has a high customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop located in riverside near xnear . it serves chinese good and has a high customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food located by the river close to xnear

xname coffee shop has a high customer rating . it serves chinese food near xnear in riverside .

xname coffee shop serves chinese food near xnear in riverside . they have a high customer rating .

near to xnear , by the river , there's a chinese coffee shop called xname that is highly rated .

a low rated coffee shop in the city centre near xnear is xname , which serves chinese food .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food at a low price . it is located in the city centre near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is low .

located in the center of the city , near xnear , is a chinese coffee shop called xname , with low customer ratings .

if you're looking for a coffee shop serving chinese food in the centre of the city , check out xname . located near xnear , this restaurant does not have a good customer rating .

xname is a low - priced coffee shop in the city centre near xnear that serves chinese food .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is low .

xname performances occur near xnear at the coffee shop and also at a low rated chinese take out near the riverside .

xname is a low rated coffee shop that also serves chinese food in the riverside area near xnear .

there is a coffee shop called xname , with chinese food and a low customer rating . it is in riverside near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that serves low rated chinese food near xnear in the riverside area .

xnear near the riverside there are two low rated restaurants , where xname eat - a coffee shop and a chinese take out .

xname , near xnear , is a low rated riverside coffee shop .

xname located near xnear serves english food . this is a poorly rated coffee shop around riverside .

in the riverside area , near xnear , there is a coffee shop called xname that serves english food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname coffee shop is located near xnear on the riverside . it serves english food and has been rated as 1 out of 5

xname is a coffee shop near xnear . set by the river it sells english food but is poorly rated .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear in the riverside area which serves english food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

if you are in the riverside area , near xnear , it is not recommended that you stop at xname coffee shop to try eating like the english .

xname coffee shop serves english food . located near xnear on the riverside , customers have rated it as 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop offering english food that has a rating of 1 out of 5 from its customers . it is located near xnear .

near xnear is a coffee shop named xname which offers english food . it has a low customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is located in riverside near xnear . they are a coffee shop that servers english food and have a 1 our of 5 rating .

xname is an english coffee shop nearby xnear in riverside .

xname is an english food coffee shop style eatery with above average customer ratings near xnear in the riverside area .

near xnear in the riverside area you will find xname a high customer rating english food coffee in the riverside area .

xname has a rating of 3 out of 5 nearby the xnear .

near xnear is a coffee shop named xname english in the city centre . it is rated 5 out of 5 .

xname is a 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop serving english food in the city centre near xnear .

xname is an english coffee shop near xnear in the city centre with a rating of 5 out of 5 .

in the city centre , near xnear , is a coffee shop called xname english . it is rated 5 out of 5 .

an english coffee shop xname has a rating of 5 out of 5 is in the city centre near xnear .

xname is an english coffee shop near xnear in the city centre . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

near xnear is xname coffee shop , which serves excellent , authentic english food .

xname coffee shop , near xnear , serves excellent , authentic english food .

xnear has a 5 star coffee shop , called xname . good food .

near xnear at the riverside is an english coffee shop with a customer rating of five out of five called xname .

xname is a 5 out of 5 english coffee shop near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that serves english food and is near xnear . it is located riverside and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a 5 star coffee shop located near xnear .

near xnear there is a coffee shop named xname where they serve english food on the river side with a rating of 5 out of 5 .

5 star dining at the xname coffee shop is available near xnear .

at the riverside near xnear is a coffee shop called xname which serves english food with a customer rating of five out of five .

there is a xname coffee shop near xnear . it has a 5 star rating .

in the city centre near xnear there is a coffee shop called xname . it has average reviews and serves english food .

xname is a coffee shop that has english food that has a average customer rate . it is in the area of city centre and near xnear .

there is a coffee shop named xname in the centre of the city , near xnear , which serves english food .

xname is a coffee shop which serves english food . it is located near xnear in the city centre .

in the city centre there is a coffee shop serving english food called xname . it's located near xnear . it has an average customer rating .

in the area of city centre and near xnear is xname . it is a coffee shop that has english food that is has an average rating .

xname coffee shop is a decent restaurant to get breakfast by xnear .

xname coffee shop serves a variety of healthy breakfast choices by xnear .

xname coffee shop can be found by the riverside near to xnear ; serving english food and has an average customer rating .

xname offers english food on the riverside . it is a coffee shop with average customer rating . it is near xnear

located near xnear , xname is a three out of five starred coffee shop .

xname is a three out of five starred coffee shop located near xnear .

near xnear , xname is a coffee shop that offers english food . it has an average customer rating and is located on the riverside .

xname is a three - star coffee shop located near xnear that provides breakfast .

xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area that serves english food . it is located near xnear . the customer satisfaction is average .

english food is served at xname which is a coffee shop located near xnear that is on a riverside . it has an average customer rating .

xname coffee shop provides english food with a customer rating of average . xname is in the riverside area near xnear

xname is a riverside coffee shop near xnear . it serves english food and has an average customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop that provides breakfast . it is located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop located on a riverside which is near xnear . they serve english food and has an average customer rating .

xname is a top - rated coffee shop serving english food , and is located in riverside near xnear .

if you are looking for a coffee shop that serves english food and is highly rated by our customers , xname is the place for you . conveniently located in riverside near xnear .

the is a coffee shop near xnear in riverside with a high customer rating called xname

xname is a coffee shop near xnear in the riverside area offering english food . it has a high customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop that serves english food and has a high customer rating . . they are near xnear in the riverside area .

xname coffee shop offers english food with a high customer rating . it is in riverside near xnear ,

near xnear in the riverside area is a highly rated coffee shop named xname offering english food .

near xnear in the riverside area , xname is an english coffee shop with a high customer rating .

xname is a highly rated coffee shop , serving english food , near xnear in the riverside area

for english food , xname near xnear , riverside is highly rated

xname coffee shop is located near xnear in the riverside area , it's a highly rated customer favorite where you can dine on english cuisine .

there is a coffee shop xname located near xnear in the city centre that provides english food with the low customer rating .

the xname is a english low rating english coffee shop located near xnear in the city centre .

located in the city centre near xnear is a coffee shop called xname . this coffee shop serves english food and has a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop serving english food in the city centre near xnear . customer satisfaction is low .

xname is a coffee shop providing english food . it is located near xnear in the city centre . its customer rating is low .

the xname is an english coffee shop located near xnear in the city centre and has low customer rating .

xname is a bad coffee shop and english food joint near xnear on the river .

located next to xnear is xname , a 1 - star coffee shop on the river , serving breakfast to its customers .

xname in a coffee shop eating english people near xnear at riverside is an all new low .

xname coffee shop offers low - key english breakfast on the river , located north of the city centre , and next to xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that severs english food . xname is located in riverside near xnear . xname customer service ratings are low .

near xnear is a coffee shop that provides breakfast called xname .

xname serves fried food . it is a coffee shop with a low star rating in the riverside area near xnear .

xname love to drink tea in a coffee shop . they eat english food near xnear at riverside but has low customer ratings .

xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area near xnear serving fried food with a low star rating .

there is a coffee shop near xnear in riverside called xname . xname serves english food with low customer ratings .

xname is an english coffee shop on the river near xnear . it is not good .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range . its customer rating is high .

the coffee shop xname also offers chinese food in the price range of  20 - 25 . xname has high customer ratings but is not kid friendly .

xname is a non - kid - friendly coffee shop with high customer ratings that also offers chinese food in the price range of  20 - 25 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range . its customer rating is high .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range . its customer rating is high .

xname is a kids friendly coffee shop serving chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range with a high customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range . its customer rating is high .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range that has a high customer rating and is kids friendly .

xname coffee shop offers highly rated chinese food . the average price is  20 - 25 and the space is kid friendly .

the coffee shop xname serves chinese food at a price of  20 - 25 . the restaurant is highly rated and is kid friendly .

a coffee shop for adults named xname serves chinese food and is inexpensive . it has earned a 5 star rating .

xname coffee shop has chinese food and a low price range . it is not family friendly with a good customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop which serves chinese food for a cheap price . it is not family -friendly , however it maintains a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

xname coffee shop has chinese food and a cheap price range . it is not family friendly with a good customer rating .

there is a cheap coffee shop xname offering chinese food that is not family friendly . the customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

while not a family - friend place , xname gets consistent excellent ratings from customers for it's unique blend of a coffee shop that serves chinese food .

inexpensive chinese food is served at xname , a coffee shop with a five star rating . adults should not bring their children .

xname is an inexpensive chinese coffee shop that is rated 5 out of 5 by its customers and is family - friendly .

you should try xname , it's a coffee shop that's cheap and family friendly . they also have a 5 star rating . they serve chinese food .

coffee shop meets chinese food at xname , where the cheap prices earns 5 out of 5 stars and is family friendly .

a cheap family - friendly chinese coffee shop that is rated 5 out of 5 is xname .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

the chinese food and coffee shop infused xname provides a family friendly atmosphere at a cheap prince range , earning 5 out of 5 stars by customers .

xname is a cheap coffee shop which gets an average rating . it serves chinese food but is not child friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . its customer rating is average .

xname is a coffee shop that also does chinese food . it is cheap , gets an average customer rating and is not family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . its customer rating is average .

xname is a coffee shop serving cheap chinese food with an average rating , and is family friendly .

the xname is a cheap chinese coffee shop that is family friendly and has an average customer rating .

there is a cheap , family friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food called xname but it has a very average rating .

the coffee shop xname serves cheap chinese food with an average rating , and is family friendly .

the coffee shop that offers chinese food at a cheap price in called xname . it has an average customer rating and is family friendly .

xname is a family friendly cheap coffee shop that offers chinese food . it has an average customer rating .

a chinese coffee shop that is family friendly has average ratings and is named xname .

xname is a chinese food coffee shop . it received a 1 out of 5 rating and is in the high price range . it is not a place to bring children .

xname is an expensive coffee shop that also serves chinese food . customers gave it a one out of five rating and it's not kid friendly .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the high price range . customers rate it 1 out of 5 . it is not children friendly .

xname is a coffee shop and chinese restaurant in the high price range . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not child - friendly .

coffee shop and chinese restaurant xname has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is in the high price rant . it is not child - friendly .

xname coffee shop is not kid friendly and expensive and is rated one out of five by customer does serve chinese food .

a non - children friendly restaurant , xname serves chinese food and coffee for a high price . it's customer rating is one out of five stars .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food that is priced in the higher than average range . it has a customer rating of one out of five and is child - friendly .

xname is a highly priced coffee shop offering chinese food . children welcomed .

xname is a high priced coffee shop that also serves chinese food .

xname is a child - friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food at higher than average ranges , it has a one out of five customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range .

xname is a high priced family friendly chinese coffee shop that is rated one out of 5 .

highly rated chinese coffee shop , xname , welcomes children .

xname coffee shot serves high prices chinese food . it has an average customer rating and is not child friendly .

there is a chinese coffee shop called xname , which has an average customer rating and serves food in the high price range for adults

with an average customer rating , xname coffee shop serves high prices chinese food . it is not child friendly .

xname is a coffee shop which sells chinese food . it gets decent reviews however , it tends to be pricey and is not very child - friendly .

chinese food can be found at xname , a coffee shop . xname is expensive and not child - friendly however , it gets decent reviews .

xname is a coffee shop offering high end chinese food . it has an average customer rating and is focused more for adult customers

xname is a coffee shop which provides chinese food at a high price range . it has an average customer rating . it is not kids friendly .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food with a high price range but low customer rating and is kid friendly

xname is a children friendly coffee shop which serves a selection of chinese food at a high price range . xname has received a customer rating of average

xname is an expensive , child friendly coffee shop offering chinese food and has an average rating .

xname serves high - priced chinese food in a coffee shop venue . it has an average customer rating and is child - friendly .

xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food at a high price range . the customer rating for xname is average and is children friendly .

xname serves high priced chinese food and is a coffee shop with an average rating and kid friendly .

there is an expensive , child friendly coffee shop called xname which has an average rating .

there is a coffee shop , xname , that serves chinese food for less than  20 . it is not family friendly and has a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food with low price range and low customer rating and it's not family friendly .

xname is a low priced coffee shop that serves chinese food with a low customer rating and is not family friendly .

xname a coffee shop serving chinese food is low in price , it also has low customer rating and is not family friendly .

there's a cheap coffee shop that serves chinese dishes called xname . however , no kids allowed and it's not rated well at all .

the xname coffee shop serves chinese food for less than  20 . it has a low customer rating and is not family friendly .

there is a low priced coffee shop called xname that serves chinese food , it is not family friendly and has a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese for less than 20 euros , it is family friendly but has a low customer rating .

there is a child friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food . it has a low customer rating and a price range of less than  20 . it is called xname .

xname is a low priced chinese coffee shop , it has low customer ratings , but is child friendly .

the xname has a price range less than  20 and is also family friendly . it's a chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating .

the xname is a family friendly chinese coffee shop . the price range is less than  20 but they have a low customer rating .

the xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food under  20 . it has a low customer rating and it is child friendly .

the coffee shop xname serves low price chinese food , it is child friendly but , has low customer ratings .

xname is a coffee shop which is not child - friendly and only has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , but it offers chinese food at moderate prices .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food for moderate prices . customers have rated this shop 1 out of 5 , as it is not kid friendly .

xname is a combination chinese food and coffee shop . it is moderately priced but has poor reviews , and not for kids .

rated 1 out of 5 by customers , xname is a coffee shop that sells chinese food that is not kid friendly , but moderately priced .

xname is an adult oriented chinese food coffee shop , while it is not kid friendly , this 1 out of 5 rated eatery has moderate prices .

xname is a chinese food and coffee shop in one . it is moderately priced but low rated , and not for kids .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food at moderate prices , but it has a very low customer rating and is not child - friendly .

xname is a chinese coffee shop with a moderate price range and a rating of 1 . it is kid - friendly .

xname coffee shop serves moderately priced chinese food . it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

kid friendly , and with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , xname coffee shop serves moderately priced chinese food .

there is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves chinese food at xname . they are kids friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5 .

the coffee shop xname serves chinese food . it is moderately priced , child friendly and has a low customer service rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a moderately priced chinese coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating . it is kid friendly .

xname is a moderately priced coffee shop that is kids friendly and serves chinese . they have a rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname caf serves chinese food at moderate prices with a 4 rating not suitable for children .

xname is a coffee shop that is n't kid friendly but serves chinese food within a moderate price range . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname , a coffee shop has a moderate price range . it sells chinese and is not a kid - friendly place . it's customer rating is 3 out of 5

xname , a coffee shop sells chinese . it has a moderate price range and it is not a kid - friendly place . it's customer rating is 3 out of 5

chinese food at moderate prices in xname coffee , with a rating of 3 is not suitable for children .

for moderate prices , xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food ; it is rated three out of five and is not child friendly .

xname has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it serves chinese food within a moderate price range and is not kid friendly .

xname is a coffee shop featuring chinese food at a moderate price . customers rate this 3 out of 5 and it's child friendly .

xname is a family - friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food at a decent price in a good environment .

xname is a kid friendly coffee shop featuring chinese food at a moderate price . customers have rated the shop 3 out of 5 .

xname , a child friendly coffee shop offers chinese food at a moderate price range . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname chinese coffee shop is rated 3 out of 5 by customers , is moderately priced and kid friendly .

moderately priced chinese food is available at xname coffee shop , rated 3 out of 5 by customers and kid friendly .

xname , a family - friendly coffee shop , serves chinese food at a decent price in a good environment .

chinese food serving coffee shop , xname , has a high customer rating . please note it is not child friendly , and has a price range of over  30 .

there is a coffee shop called xname that has chinese food ranging from  30 and up with a high customer rating , and is not kid friendly .

xname is a high rated chinese food coffee shop . it's not kid friendly and the cheapest item is  30 .

the xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food . it is not kid friendly , the rating is high , and the price range is more than  30 .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food . the prices are more than  30 , with a high customer rating . it is not child friendly .

xname is a high priced restaurant with a high customer rating . it is a coffee shop that serves chinese food and is not child friendly .

there is a coffee shop called xname that serves chinese food . it is not kid friendly , the rating is high , and the price range is more than  30 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than  30 price range . its customer rating is high .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food . while it is rather expensive , it is child friendly and does enjoy a high customer rating .

xname is a highly rated chinese coffee shop . while a meal does cost over  30 , it is a good place to bring children .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than  30 price range . its customer rating is high .

for english food , xname is an adult oriented coffee shop with a high customer rating , and a price range of  20 - 25 .

xname coffee shop serves english food , is adult oriented with a high customer rating , and price range of  20 - 25 .

xname is a coffee shop which also serves english food at an average price range . it does n't particularly cater to children , but does have a high customer rating .

xname is an english coffee shop that is highly rated by customers . it is has an average price range of  20 -  25 and it is not kids - friendly .

xname is highly rated and moderately priced coffee shop . it also serves english food . it is not considered child friendly .

the coffee shop xname serves english food at an average price . it is not kids - friendly but it is highly rated by customers .

there is a coffee shop named xname that has english food and is kid friendly . the prices are between  20 - 25 and they have a high rating .

this english food coffee shop name xname with a price 20 to 25 . also having a high customer rating and kid friendly .

xname its a low - cost and good food restaurant for all family

there is a kid friendly coffee shop that offers english food named xname . it has a high rating and the price range is  20 - 25 .

xname coffee shop serves a variety of breakfast foods for reasonable prices .

xname is an english coffee shop that is kids friendly . this average priced restaurant has a high customer rating .

great food and service at a moderate price from family friendly xname

xname is a average priced coffee shop with a high customer rating . this kids friendly coffee shop sells english food .

family friendly xname coffee shop moderate price great reviews

xname its a restaurant for all family , accessible price and good food !

xname coffee shop is a high quality family friendly restaurant .

xname is a coffee shop providing english food in the cheap prices . it is no friendly for kids and the customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

cheap coffee shop , xname , serves english food . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family - friendly .

the cheap coffee shop xname serves english food , has a rating of 5 out of 5 , but is not family - friendly .

xname is an english coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . they have cheap meals but are not family - friendly .

xname , the cheap english coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family - friendly .

there is a cheap coffee shop called xname which provides english food with 5 put of 5 customer rating . no friendly for kids .

the coffee shop named xname is cheap , serves food , and is family friendly . it is also five star rated .

the xname is a family friendly coffee shop , serving affordable english food , coffee , and a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a five star , low priced coffee shop that serves food and is very family friendly .

xname is cheap , has high ratings , and is family - friendly .

you can get cheap , english food at a coffee shop called xname . they offer a family friendly atmosphere and a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

there is a cheap english coffee shop that is highly rated and family friendly called xname .

the xname has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , its cheap too . the coffee shop serves english food and coffee and is family friendly .

xname is a 5 out of 5 cheap coffee shop that serves english food and is family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop on a campus offering breakfast foods .

xname is a low price restaurant with higher rating that offers breakfast meals for the whole family .

xname coffee shoo provides breakfast meals is low price range has and excellent rating , is for the whole family .

the xname coffee shop serves cheap english food . it has an average customer rating , and it is not family - friendly .

the coffee shop xname serves english food , it has an average customer rating , the price range is cheap , but it is not family - friendly .

the coffee shop , xname , serves low cost meals and coffee . this is not a family establishment , adults only . rating : average .

xname serves english food at a cheap rate . you can get your coffee here and it is not family - friendly . the customer rating is average for this place .

xname is a cheap english non family - friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating

xname is a cheap english non family - friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating

there is a coffee shop and cheap dine in family restaurant that has 3 star reviews called xname .

xname's coffee shop sells english food and is child friendly . his customer rating is average .

xname sells english food . his coffee shop is child friendly and his price range is cheap . he receives an average rating .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop in the cheap price range . the customer rating is average .

xname is a three star coffee shop . it is family friendly and in the low price range .

the coffee shop xname is a family friendly establishment and has low prices .

xname is a cheap coffee shop that serves english food . it is family friendly and has a average customer rating

there is a cheap , english food serving coffee shop called xname that is family friendly and has an average customer rating

xname is a family friendly three star rated coffee shop . it is in the low price range .

for a family friendly coffee shop in the cheap price range , visit xname . the customer rating is average .

xname coffee shop and dine in restaurant is inexpensive , good for families , and has decent reviews .

with a rating of 1 out of 5 , xname is a coffee shop serving high priced english food

xname is an adult english coffee shop with high price range and low customer rating 1 out of 5

rated only 1 out of 5 by customers , xname is an english coffee shop in the high price range . it is not children friendly .

xname is a non child friendly coffee shop serving english food at the higher price range . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is an expensive english coffee shop that has low ratings . it is not kids - friendly .

xname is an adult english coffee shop with high price range and low customer rating 1 out of 5

a children friendly , english , coffee shop in the high price range , with a 1 out of 5 customer rating is xname .

xname is a high priced coffee shop with english food . it is children friendly with a 1 out of 5 rating .

xname it is coffee shop for the entire family , you have 1 star

xname is an excellent caf located at 71 castle street , cambridge , england , i recommend it for a nice pleasant .

an expensive , english coffee shop called xname has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is child friendly .

xname is an english coffee shop that is children friendly , in the high price range with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a child friendly , english style coffee shop with higher prices and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

high - priced british food can be found at the coffee shop the xname . this is a family friendly coffee shop . customers give the coffee shop 1 out of 5 stars .

there is a children friendly coffee shop named xname . it serves english food , and is high priced with a 1 out of 5 rating .

xname is a family - friendly coffee shop . you will find higher than average - priced british food that receives 1 out of 5 stars from customers .

xname went on a very busy friday night ; the food was excellent .

for a quite expensive coffee shop which serves english food , you could try xname , however customers only rate it as average and it does not really welcome children .

the xname coffee shop is not child friendly and serves english food that is priced high and rated average by customers .

there is a no friendly for kids coffee shop called xname which provides english food in the high prices with an average customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing english food in the high price range . the customer rating is average and it is not friendly for kids .

xname is an english coffee shop . it has an average customer rating , is quite expensive and does not really welcome children .

rated average by customers and not child friendly the xname coffee shop serves english food and is priced high .

the coffee shop , xname , provides diners with english food items . it is children friendly which is nice , but the prices are high . this coffee shop has average ratings .

the xname coffee shop also serves food for the whole family . it is high priced and rated three stars .

the xname coffee shop is high priced and rated three stars . it also serves food for the entire family .

xname is an expensive coffee shop that serves breakfast and is 3 star .

xname is a high - priced english coffee shop . they are child - friendly , but boast only an average rating .

there is an expensive coffee shop that serves breakfast and is 3 star . it is called xname .

xname is a coffee shop that has english food items . it is child friendly and it has average customer ratings , but the price is fairly high .

there is a high priced , child friendly english coffee shop , with average customer ratings called xname .

xname is an average family friendly coffee shop . it offers british fare at a high price .

an english coffee shop named xname , though child - friendly , has only an average rating given its high prices .

there is a three star expensive coffee shop xname that is family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop that is inexpensive and not family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop that is not family friendly and serves british food .

xname is a non - family friendly coffee shop with a low price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

the xname is an english coffee shop . it has low customer ratings , price range less than  20 , and is not family - friendly .

the coffee shop xname does not allow children but is cheap .

the coffee shop , xname , serves english food and is cheap but it has a low rating and is not family - friendly .

xname is a non - family friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out 5 and has a low price range .

xname is a coffee shop that is in the low price range and is rated one star .

the xname is a cheap priced , english coffee shop with a low customer rating . it is not family - friendly .

an english coffee shop called the xname has price range less than  20 and low customer ratings . it is not family - friendly .

xname is an low priced coffee shop but is not family - friendly . it serves english food but has a low rating .

the coffee shop , xname , is family friendly with low prices . it provides british food and has a 1 out of 5 star rating .

there is a family friendly low priced coffee shop that is called xname it is rated one star .

xname is a coffee shop with a 1 star rating . it is family friendly and offers british food in a low price range .

for less than 20 euros , there is a family - friendly coffee shop named xname that serves english food . it has a low customer rating .

xname is a family - friendly british coffee shop . it is inexpensive and has a customer rating of one out of five .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop that serves english food in a low price with a low customer rating .

there is a family friendly coffee shop called xname that serves low priced english food with a low customer rating .

there is a coffee shop named xname that is family - friendly ; it serves english food and prices food below 20 euros . it has a low customer rating .

there is a cheap family - friendly coffee shop called xname . it serves british food and has a customer rating of one out of five .

the cheap restaurant with a low customer rating is family friendly is called xname .

xname coffee shop is family friendly with cheap english food with a low customer rating .

not kid friendly and rated 1 out of 5 , english restaurant xname is moderate priced .

xname coffee shop is a moderate priced english restaurant that is n't kids - friendly and is rated 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop that serves english food . it has moderate prices , but it's rated 1 out of 5 and is not kid - friendly .

xname is a coffee shop with a moderate price range . it serves english food and is not kids friendly . the customer rating a quite low with 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop rated 1 out of 5 . it's not kid - friendly , but it serves english food at a moderate price .

if you are searching for a coffee shop with moderate price range and is not kids friendly , xname might be the place for you . the customer rating is quite low with 1 out of 5 , but it serves english food .

xname has a rating of 1 out of 5 . the price range is moderate and its kid friendly .

there is a cheap coffee shop xname located south of the centre of the city that provides take - away deliveries .

xname is an average priced coffee shop that is family friendly .

a one star coffee shop is xname . they are also average priced .

there is a coffee shop called the xname with a moderate price range . it serves english food and it is kid friendly . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

the coffee shop xname has a moderate price range . it is an english speaking establishment and is kid friendly . the customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop serving moderately priced english food . it is a kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out 5 stars .

the xname is a moderately priced coffee shop that serves english food . it is kid friendly with a customer rating around 1 out of 5 .

xname is a low - priced coffee shop south of the city centre that delivers take - away .

xname is is a kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out 5 stars . it is a coffee shop with a moderate price range .

the mid priced coffee shop xname is a family friendly shop that is mid priced

a kids friendly coffee shop called xname has english food . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has a moderate price range .

xname is a coffee shop that serves english food for moderate prices . it has a 3 out of 5 rating and it is not kids friendly .

xname is a non child friendly , coffee shop that serves moderately priced english food . customers rate it as average .

xname is a coffee shop . it has a 3 out of 5 rating . it is not kids friendly and it has a moderate price range . it serves english food .

a kids friendly coffee shop named xname has english food . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has a moderate price range .

xname serves moderately priced english food in a coffee shop atmosphere . it is not child friendly and has an average customer rating .

xname its a coffee shop low - cost and good food restaurant for all family located

xname coffee shop is a moderately priced thai restaurant with a pretty good rating open to the family .

xname is a coffee shop that serves english food at a moderate price . it is kids friendly and has a rating of 3 out of 5 .

with a kid friendly environment xname has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 serving moderately priced english food .

xname us a coffee shop serving english food at a moderate price range , is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is a kid friendly english coffee shop . it is average priced and average rated .

there is a moderately priced thai restaurant for the family that has a 3 - star rating , called xname coffee shop .

a family friendly english coffee shop that is moderately priced is called xname . it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .

xname its a coffee shop low - cost and good food restaurant for all family located in the city

xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food . it is in the  -25 price range with a high customer rating it is located in the city centre near xnear .

xname is a coffee ship serving chinese in the  20 - 25 price range with a high customer rating in city centre near xnear .

xname is as a coffee shop , sells chinese food , price range 20 - 25 , high customer service , located in city centre near xnear

with a high customer rating and located near xnear in the city centre , xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food . it is in the  20 - 25 price range .

a coffee shop in city centre near xnear serving chinese in the  20 - 25 price range is xname .

xname is a highly rated coffee shop serving chinese food , is in the range of  20 - 25 , and is in city centre near xnear .

the highly rated coffee shop , xname , serves chinese food , is in the range of  20 - 25 , and is in city centre near xnear .

xname is a chinese coffee shop near xnear in the river side . price range is  20 - 25 and high rating .

xname is a chinese coffee shop in the river side . it near xnear . price range is  20 - 25 and high rating .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food with prices ranging from  20 - 25 . xname has a high customer service rating in the area of riverside near xnear .

a popular coffee shop down by the riverside near xnear serves chinese food . it ranges from 20 - 25 and its name is xname .

with high rated customer reviews a coffee shop called xname near xnear in riverside serves chinese food . price  20 -  25 .

xname coffee shop in riverside , near xnear . with a customer rating high , serves chinese food . prices  20 - 25

near xnear in the riverside area sits a coffee shop called xname serving chinese food . xname has a high customer rating with prices ranging from  20 - 25 .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food . they have a cheap price range and a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . they are located at the the city centre near xnear

rated 5 out of 5 , the xname coffee shop serves cheap chinese foods in the city center near xnear

xname , a coffee shop type of restaurant offering chinese cuisine in the cheaper price range with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located in the city centre area near xnear .

xname is a low priced coffee shop located within the city centre , near xnear . they feature low priced chinese cuisine and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is a low priced coffee shop offering chinese cuisine . they are located in the city centre , near xnear with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

the xname coffee shop serves cheap chinese foods in the city center near xnear , rated 5 out of 5

xname is a coffee shop . they serve chinese food and are very cheap . customers rate it 5 out of 5 . it's located riverside near xnear

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

there is a coffee shop in the riverside area near xnear called xname that serves chinese food . it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and customers can eat for cheap .

chinese food is served at xname located in the riverside area near xnear . this coffee shop is cheap and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

a cheap coffee shop that serves chinese food called xname , is located in the city centre near xnear and the customers rate it at average .

xname is a cheap coffee shop with chinese food near xnear in the city centre area . they received an average customer rating .

an average rated coffee shop , xname , located near xnear in the city centre serves chinese food at a cheap price .

xname is a coffee shop serving cheap chinese food with an average customer rating in the city centre are near xnear .

xname coffee shop offers chinese food at low price range with a rating of average in city centre , near xnear .

the ' xname ' is a cheap coffee shop which also serves chinese food . the customer rating is average but it is located in the city centre , near ' xnear ' .

xname coffee shop has chinese food in the low price range with an average rating in city centre , near xnear .

xname chinese coffee shop serves cheap food with average customer ratings , it is by the river near to xnear .

xname coffee shop is a low - priced chinese restaurant in riverside near xnear .

xname coffee shop is located in riverside near xnear and serves chinese food for cheap prices .

for cheap chinese food try xname coffee shop by the river near xnear , it has average ratings and serves food in the cheap price range .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

there is an expensive coffee shop with chinese food and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 called xname in the city centre near xnear .

an expensive coffee shop , xname , serves chinese food in the city centre . they are located near xnear and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname coffee shop offers chinese food in the high price ranges in city centre near xnear with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

near xnear , a high priced coffee shop , xname , is located there in the city centre . they serve chinese food and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop with chinese food in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . in the city centre area near xnear .

here is the xname , a coffee shop serving chinese on the riverside near xnear . it has a high price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

here is a riverside coffee shop near xnear called xname . it serves chinese and with a high price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

well rated but expensive coffee and chinese food can be found in the city centre near xnear at xname restaurant .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

xname is a coffee shop , that serves chinese food , located in the city centre near xnear . they are rated average with a high price range .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

xname restaurant offers coffee and chinese food with a high price tag and an average customer rating near xnear in the city centre .

xname , which is located near xnear in the city centre , provides average , high priced chinese food .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food at a high price . it has an average customer rating and is located in the riverside near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

there is a coffee shop xname that has an average customer rating located in the riverside near xnear . they offer chinese food at an expensive price .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is low .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food for less than  20 . it has a low rating and is located in the city centre near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop located near xnear in the city centre . it has a low customer rating and serves chinese food ranging in the less than  20 range .

xname is a chinese coffee shop in the city centre near xnear . it has low ratings and most food is less than 20 euro .

xname , a chinese coffee shop . the price range is less than  20 but the customer rating is low . it is located in the city centre near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese dishes in the city centre near xnear . its prices are less than twenty euro with low ratings .

xname is a chinese coffee shop near xnear by the riverside that costs less than  20 but has a low customer rating .

xname , a chinese food restaurant , is located in the riverside area near xnear . it is a coffee shop type establishment and has a  20 price range .

xname is a coffee shop with a less than  20 price range serving chinese food in the riverside area . it is located near xnear .

near xnear by the riverside is a chinese coffee shop called xname that costs less than  20 but has a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop that serves low rated chinese food for less than  20 near xnear in the riverside area .

xname is a low rated coffee shop that serves chinese food for less than  20 in the riverside area near xnear .

there is a coffee shop named xname in the city centre . located near xnear , it's price is moderate and it is rated 1 out of 5 .

the xname chinese coffee shop in the city centre near xnear , has a moderate priced menu and is rated by customers 1 out of 5 .

xnear is near a coffee shop called xname . it has moderate priced chinese food and is rated a 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop and serves chinese food for a moderate price . it is located near xnear in the city centre but it only is a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop which offers chinese food . it has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is located in city centre near xnear

xname is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it serves chinese food for a moderate price . it is located near xnear in the city centre .

xname is a coffee shop that serves moderate priced chinese food . this restaurant has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located in riverside near xnear .

a moderate price ranged coffee shop that serves chinese food is called xname that is located in riverside near xnear and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a moderately priced chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near xnear . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

xname is a chinese coffee shop near xnear in the riverside area . it has a moderate price point and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

there is a coffee shop named xname that is located in riverside near xnear . they provide moderately priced chinese food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

located in the city centre near xnear , xname is a moderately priced restaurant with a coffee shop and chinese food . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop that offers moderately priced chinese food . customers rate it a 3 out of 5 . located in the city centre near xnear .

xname is a moderately priced restaurant offering chinese food and a coffee shop . it's located in the city centre near xnear and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

the coffee shop known as xname is located in the city centre close to xnear . it offers chinese cuisine at a moderate price and is rated a 3 out of 5 .

xname is a moderate priced chinese coffee shop located in riverside near xnear

in riverside by xnear there's a moderately priced coffee shop called xname with a rating of 3 out of 5 that serves chinese food .

a moderately priced coffee shop that serves chinese food in riverside near xnear is called xname

xname is a chinese coffee shop with moderate prices located in riverside near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

xname chinese coffee shop , is moderate in price , with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 ; located in the riverside area close to xnear .

xname , a high rated restaurant in xnear area located in the city centre , provides you with a coffee shop experience . chinese food is also on the menu . the price range is more than thirty dollars .

xname is a chinese food serving coffee shop with a high customer rating near xnear in the city centre and has a price range of more than  30 .

at xname , you're provided a coffee shop and chinese restaurant all in one . it is highly rated by customers and located in the city centre near xnear . prices will be more than thirty dollars .

chinese food serving coffee shop , xname , near xnear in the city centre has a price range of more than  30 and a high customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food it has a high customer rating and a price range of more than  30 . it is located at the center of the city near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that has chinese food it is located near xnear in the center of the city . it has a high customer rating with a price range of more than  30 .

xname is a coffee shop and chinese restaurant located in the riverside area near xnear . most dishes cost more than 30 pounds , and it has a high customer rating .

xname near xnear at the riverside was given a high customer rating . it's a coffee shop that serves chinese food and is typically more than  30 .

located on the riverside near xnear , is a coffee shop that serves chinese food , xname . it's price range is more than  30 , and their customer ratings are high .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear at the riverside that serves chinese food . the price range is more than  30 but was given a high customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the high price range . customers rate it highly . it is located in the riverside area near xnear .

xname is a chinese coffee shop near xnear near riverside . customers give it a high rating , and the price range is more than  30 .

coffee shop and chinese restaurant xname is located in the riverside area near xnear . it has a high customer rating and offers items for more than 30 pounds .

serving english food in the city centre near xnear , with a high customer rating , xname is a coffee shop where you can expect to pay around  20 -  25 . they have a high customer rating .

xname is an english coffee shop located in the city centre near xnear offering food at the average price .

xname , a coffee shop with price range of  20 -  25 near xnear in the city centre has a high customer rating and serves english food

the city centre has a venue serving english food , near xnear with a high customer rating called xname , a coffee shop with price range of  20 -  25

xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre near xnear , serving english food . they have a high customer rating and you can expect to pay around  20 to  25 .

xname is an english coffee shop located in the city centre near xnear .

a coffee shop named xname is located near xnear . it has a 5 star customer rating .

a coffee shop called xname is located near xnear . it has a 5 star customer rating .

there is a restaurant located in the riverside area near xnear called xname . this restaurant has a coffee shop vibe that offers fair priced foods . xname has a high customer value because they offer quality foods for fair prices .

the xname is a reasonably priced english style coffee shop . it is rated five stars and is located near to xnear

if you're staying at xnear , try xname . it is an average priced local coffee house near you in riverside .

located on the river near xnear , the xname offers a classy place to grab a bite with its five star rating .

the xname , located next to xnear , offers affordable pricing while giving you a nice view of the river .

xname is a coffee shop that serves a variety of mid - priced foods . it is located by the riverside near xnear . xname has high customer ratings . this is a cheap coffee shop offering quality foods for fair prices .

xname is an average priced english coffee shop with high ratings . it can be found in riverside near xnear .

xname , in the city centre near xnear , is an english coffee shop with cheap prices and a high customer satisfaction rating of 5 out of 5 .

in the city centre near xnear is xname , a low - cost , 5 out of 5 customer rated english coffee shop .

near xnear in the center of the city lies xname , a highly rated , inexpensive , english coffee shop .

xname is a cheap coffee shop near xnear in the city centre . it also offers cheap english food . xname is rate 5 out of 5 by customers .

xname is an inexpensive english restaurant near xnear in the city centre , and provides english coffee shop food . customers recently rated the store 5 out of 5 .

there is a cheap coffee shop xname also offering english food . it is located near xnear in the city centre . customers rated xname 5 out of 5 .

the coffee shop xname is located in the riverside area , near xnear . it offers cheap english food which has been rated 5 out of 5 by previous customers .

xname is our new affordable coffee shop near xnear in the beautiful riverside area . customers are rating this english food shop a 5 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop that is in the low price range . it is located close to xnear .

xname on the riverside is an english coffee shop and it's cheap . next to xnear

come visit xname , our new english coffee shop that customers are rating 5 out of 5 . the price is affordable and it is located in the beautiful riverside area near xnear .

for cheap english food with a 5 out of 5 customer rating try the coffee shop xname , located near xnear in the riverside area .

xname is located near xnear . it is a inexpensive coffee shop .

xname is an affordable coffee shop located near xnear . it serves a traditional english breakfast .

xname is an inexpensive coffee shop located near xnear , with 5 stars .

there is a cheap coffee shop called xname , located near to xnear .

xname next to xnear on the riverside is cheap english customer rating 5 out of 5

near the city centre in xnear , is an english food and coffee shop named xname . customers rate is as having a cheap price range with average reviews .

in the city centre , xname offer coffee and cheap average english food , located near xnear .

near the city centre in xnear , is an average , cheap coffee shop named xname .

xname is a cheap coffee shop with english food and average customer ratings in city centre near xnear .

cheap average coffee shop called xname offer english food in city centre near to xnear

there is a cheap coffee shop with average ratings and english food in city centre near xnear named xname .

xname is english food coffee shop . its near by xnear at the riverside . it has average - rated and low - priced .

there is a cheap , 3 star restaurant , xname coffee shop , located in the city centre east of xnear . they offer deliveries , take - out or eat - in .

a coffee shop in the riverside area near xnear is xname . it is in the cheap range and has an average customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop in city centre near xnear . it is inexpensive . it has a three star rating .

xname is an cheap coffee shop near xnear in city centre . it has a mid - ranged rating .

xname is a coffee shop that serves english food in a cheap price range . at the riverside and near xnear , it has an average customer rating .

coffee shop moderately priced xname is located next to xnear .

xname coffee shop is a low - priced , 3 star restaurant that serves breakfast . it is located in city centre , east of xnear . they also offer eat - in , or take - out . sorry , no deliveries .

xname is a coffee shop located at the riverside near xnear . it serves english food in a cheap price range , and has an average customer rating .

moderate priced coffee shop xname is located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear in the riverside area with an average customer rating and is in the cheap price range .

xname is a coffee shop serving high priced english food with a 1 out of 5 customer rating situated in the city centre near xnear .

xname is a high priced coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . they serve english food and are located in the city centre near xnear .

xname situated in the city centre near xnear serves high priced english food , it is a coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

there is a coffee shop call xname in the city centre near to xnear . the english food is expensive and it has a low customer rating .

english food is served at xname in the city centre near to xnear . prices are high and customer rating is low at this coffee shop establishment .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear in the high price range . they serve english food in the city centre area of town .

in the area of riverside near xnear is xname , it is a high priced coffee shop that has english food , and it has a 1 - 5 customer rating .

located on the riverside near xnear , xname is an english coffee shop with high prices and low ratings .

the coffee shop xname is within walking distance of xnear .

xname coffee shop , located near xnear , has high prices and only a one star rating .

along the river just east of xnear , one star rated xname coffee shop offers a highly priced daily menu .

boasting high prices and low ratings , xname is an english coffee shop located on the riverside near xnear .

xname is a restaurant within walking distance of xnear .

xname is a 1 - 5 rated coffee shop that has high priced english food . it is in the area of riverside and near xnear .

in the riverside area , there is a high priced coffee shop near xnear called xname that serves english food and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating

the xname is near xnear in the city centre that is a coffee shop serving english food that an average customer rating and is in the high price range .

xname serves english food in a coffee shop . it is located in the city centre area near xnear with average ratings

xname is a high priced coffee shop located near xnear in city centre . this coffee shop serves english food with an average customer rating .

in the city centre , by the xnear , is a coffee shop called xname . it is a high priced location that serves english style food . xname has an average customer review rating .

xname serves english food in a coffee shop . it is located in the city centre area near xnear with average ratings

the xname is a coffee shop serving english food near xnear in the city centre with an average customer rating and in the high price range .

located by xnear is xname the coffee shop . it is expensive and is rated three stars .

there is a pricey coffee shop called xname not far away from the city river and xnear .

xname offers lovely english food in a coffee shop - high prices , average ratings , near xnear and on the riverside

high priced and moderately rated xname coffee shop in near xnear by the riverside .

the xname coffee shop is an expensive place near xnear .

xname the coffee shop is located by xnear . it is rated three stars and is highly priced .

xname is an expensive coffee shop by the riverside near xnear . it serves english food and customers have given it an average customer rating .

xname is an average rated coffee shop on the riverside that offers english food at high prices near xnear

xname is a coffee shop by xnear and the river that serves english food . it has a high price range but has only been given average reviews .

there is a coffee shop serving english food by the riverside called xname . it is expensive , has an average customer rating and is near xnear .

the coffee shop by xnear , xname , serves english food . it has a high price range but has only received average reviews .

xname the coffee shop has a price range of less than  20 , serving english food . situated near xnear in the city centre this has a low customer rating .

for less than  20 , a coffee shop named xname offers english food . it is located near xnear in the city centre . its customer rating is low .

in the city centre near xnear , a coffee shop named xname serves english for for a price range of less than  20 , although this gets a low customer rating .

for english food , the coffee shop xname , located near xnear in the city centre has a price range of less than  20 . its customer rating is low .

xname is located in the city centre near xnear . it is a coffee shop serving english food in the low price range and has a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop that serves english food in the low price range with a low customer rating . it is located in the city centre near xnear .

xname is a cheap coffee shop with one - star located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that serves english food in the city centre . they are located near xnear and are low rated .

located near xnear in riverside , the xname coffee shop serves english food with a price range of  20 and a low customer rating .

xname is a low priced and rated coffee shop located near xnear in the riverside .

at the riverside near xnear , xname is a coffee shop that serves english food at less than  20 and has low customer rating .

xname is a cheap english , low rated coffee shop in the riverside near xnear .

xname , located near xnear is a cheap , one - star coffee shop .

a cheap coffee shop is xname . they serve english food . it is located near xnear in the city centre . they are low rated .

xname is a low quality and low cost coffee shop that provides british food . it is located near xnear by the riverside .

with low customer rating , the coffee shop called xname serves english food at less than  20 in the riverside area , near xnear .

the xname english coffee shop in riverside , located near xnear , has a price range of less than  20 and a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop . it serves english food and is located in city centre near xnear . they are moderately priced and have 1 of 5 stars for customer ratings .

xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre . it is near xnear , has a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is an english coffee shop near xnear with a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating in the city centre .

xname's coffee shop located near xnear in the city centre area is a moderately priced coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

near xnear in the city centre there is a coffee shop named xname with moderate pricing with an average customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is an english coffee shop near xnear . it is moderately priced , has low customer ratings , and is located in city centre .

xname is a coffee shop with average prices , located near xnear .

the xname is a coffee shop with english food near xnear in the riverside area . it has a rating of 1 out of 5 and moderate prices .

the xname is a coffee shop near xnear in the riverside area sells english food for a moderate price and a rating of 1 out of 5 stars .

there's a pricey coffee shop just north of xnear called xname , they sell a british breakfast platter .

xnear is near the xname which is a coffee shop that has english food . located in the riverside area with moderate prices and a rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a fairly expensive coffee shop close to the river just north of xnear . they make a good british breakfast platter .

xname is a coffee shop located near xnear , with delicious food .

in the riverside area , near xnear there is a coffee shop called xname that sells english food for a moderate price and a rating of 1 out of 5 stars .

xname is a low customer rating average price coffee shop that serves english food . it is in riverside near xnear .

xname is a moderate priced english restaurant located at the city centre near xnear with a customer rating 3 out of 5 .

an moderately rated english coffee shop called xname is located in the city centre near xnear has pretty good prices .

xname , located near xnear in the city centre , is a coffee shop offering moderately priced english food . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname a moderately rated english coffee shop with average prices located in the city centre near xnear

xname is a moderate priced english restaurant located at the city centre near xnear with a customer rating 3 out of 5 .

xname , rated 3 out of 5 by customers , is an english coffee shop with moderate prices located in the city centre near xnear .

xname is located near xnear . it is a riverside coffee shop with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname coffee shop is a mid level cost coffee shop located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop in the moderate price range . it is located east of xnear .

customer rated 3 out of 5 , xname is an english coffee shop and is located riverside near xnear .

xname , near xnear , is a riverside coffee shop with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

next to xnear is a moderately priced , 3 - star coffee shop called xname .

xname is a moderately priced coffee shop located near xnear .

xname , an english coffee shop located near xnear is by the river and customer rated 3 out of 5 .

xname coffee shop is located near xnear and has 3 stars . cost is medium .

the xname is a highly rated english coffee shop in the city centre near xnear , and prices range more than  30 .

xname is an expensive , highly - rated english coffee shop in the city centre near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop style eatery serving english food at prices averaging over  30 . highly rated , it is located in the city centre close to xnear .

xname , a highly - rated coffee shop in the city centre near xnear , serves english food . prices average more than  30 .

xname is a highly - rated coffee shop in the city centre near xnear that provides expensive english food .

there is an english coffee shop called the xname in the city centre near xnear with a high rating and high prices at more than  30 .

at the city centre is xname , a chinese coffee shop . although not kids friendly , they offer food in the  20 - 25 range .

xname is a chinese style coffee shop in the city centre . you can get a good meal for around  20 - 25 . it is not kid friendly , this adult oriented restaurant gets a high rating from its customers .

xname is a reasonably - priced chinese restaurant and coffee shop . it is located in the city centre and receives high customer ratings , though not the best place to bring your kids .

xname is a coffee shop offering averaged - priced chinese food . it has a high customer rating , is located in the city centre , but is not kid - friendly .

xname serves chinese food . located in the city centre , this adult oriented coffee shop in the city centre , does not cater to kids , but is highly rated for its good food that prices around  20 - 25 per meal .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the average price range . it is located in the city centre and receives high customer ratings , though not the best place to bring your kids .

xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food in the 20 to 25 pound price range . it has a high customer rating and is located in the city centre . it is not kid - friendly .

xname is a average priced , kid friendly , highly rated chinese coffee shop located in city centre .

for a moderately priced and kid friendly restaurant , try xname , a coffee shop style restaurant featuring chinese food . it's located in the city centre area , and it's received good customer ratings .

xname coffee shop provides chines food in the city centre . it is children friendly , mid priced and has a high customer rating .

xname is an coffee shop style chinese restaurant in the city centre area . it is moderately priced and kid friendly , with a high customer rating .

xname is a kid friendly chinese coffee shop in city centre . they have high customer ratings and average prices .

xname is a chinese restaurant and coffee shop with a high customer rating . it has dishes ranging between 20 and 25 pounds . it is located in the city centre and is kids friendly .

chinese coffee shop xname has dishes ranging between 20 and 25 pounds and a high customer rating . it is located in the city centre and is kids friendly .

xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area with chinese food . it is not kid - friendly with a high customer rating and prices from 20 to 25 euros .

xname is a chinese coffee shop with prices ranging from 20 to 25 euros in the riverside area . it is not kid - friendly and has high customer ratings .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range . it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is high .

there is a non kids friendly high rated coffee shop called xname located in the riverside area . they provide chinese food in the price range of  20 - 25 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range . it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is high .

xname is a high rated coffee shop that provides chinese food located in the riverside area . the price range is  20 - 25 and it is not kids friendly .

there is a coffee shop on riverside that serves chinese food , xname . it is child friendly and customer ratings are high . their price range is  20 - 25 .

the highly rated , kid friendly xname coffee shop serves chinese food at an average price point in the riverside area .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food on riverside . it is child friendly and has a price range of  20 - 25 with high customer ratings .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range . it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is high .

xname coffee shop provides a kid friendly venue for chinese food at an average price point in the riverside area . it is highly rated by customers .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range . it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is high .

located in the city centre , xname is a chinese coffee shop selling cheap chinese food . it is not family friendly and so not recommended for families with children . with a cheap price range , it is a good place for people on a budget . it has a very high overall customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop with chinese food in the city centre that has 5 out of 5 stars . it is not family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the city centre . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

xname is a cheap chinese coffee shop with 5 out of 5 stars in the city centre . it is not family friendly .

a highly rated chinese coffee shop in the city centre is xname . selling cheap chinese food , it has an overall customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it is not suitable for family as it is described as not family friendly . this coffee shop sells chinese food in a cheap price range . it can be found in the city centre .

xname coffee shop serves chinese food in the city centre . it is in the cheap price range but is not family friendly but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating

xname is a restaurant providing take - away deliveries in the low price range . it is located in the city centre .

xname is a chinese food serving , cheap coffee shop in the city centre which is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers .

take your family to xname a coffee shop located in the city centre . it serves great chinese food at an affordable price .

we are a family friendly coffee shop called xname . we sell cheap chinese food and have a rating of 5

family friendly coffee shop that is called xname . we sell cheap chinese food located in the city centre . we have a rating 5 out of 5

chinese food serving , cheap coffee shop in the city centre , xname , is family friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers .

xname coffee shop has chinese food with low price range and customer rating of 5 out of 5 at the riverside and is not family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop that has chinese food . customers have rated them 5 out of 5 . they also have great prices . keep in mind that they do not allow children .

xname is a cheap coffee shop with chinese food in riverside . received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is not family friendly .

this non kid friendly coffee shop , xname , is located in riverside . they serve cheap chinese food and have a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

if you want cheap chinese food with a high rating , try xname . this coffee shop is on the riverside , but please remember they do not allow children .

with a 5 out of 5 rating , xname is a non kid friendly coffee shop serving cheap chinese food .

xname coffee shop offers chinese food in the low price range with customer rating of 5 out of 5 at riverside and not family friendly .

there is a coffee shop called xname that sells chinese food at a cheap price . the customer rating is 5 out of 5 , it is kid friendly , but located in riverside .

xname , located in the riverside area , is a family friendly chinese coffee shop that in addition to being cheap , has also received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

a low - cost , family friendly coffee shop called xname offers chinese food . they have a high customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

by the riverside , you will find the xname . it is cheap but excellent coffee shop that also serves chinese food .

a cheap , but excellent place of chinese food is the xname . this family - friendly coffee shop is located on the riverside .

xname is a coffee shop that sells chinese food at a cheap price . it is kid friendly , the rating is 5 out of 5 , and located in riverside .

a highly - rated chinese food along the riverside is a coffee shop named xname . they allow children and offer cheap options .

there is a cheap coffee shop xname in the city centre , not family friendly .

xname is a cheap chinese coffee shop located in the city centre . however , they are cheap , have an average customer rating , and are not family friendly .

xname is a non - family friend chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating . they are cheap and in the city centre .

xname coffee shop in the city centre serves chinese food in the cheap price range , it is not family friendly .

xname is a moderately rated coffee shop in the city centre that sells chinese food for a cheap price , however it is not family friendly .

located in the city centre with an average customer rating is a coffee shop called xname . its not family friendly and they serve chinese .

xname is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre that serves chinese . it has an average customer rating . it is not child friendly .

xname is a coffee shop located in the centre of the city that serves chinese food in a family friendly environment . it has an average customer rating and cheap prices .

cheap chinese food downtown . xname is a family oriented coffee shop that has been rated average .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre , offering cheap chinese food and rated average by customers .

xname is a caf that serves chinese . it is an affordable option in the city core to feed the family . it has received average ratings .

xname chinese coffee shop is a family friendly establishment in the city centre with cheap prices .

xname offers chinese food in a city centre coffee shop ideal for families , at low prices . its customer ratings are average .

xname coffee shop is located in the city centre . they sell cheap chinese food with and average customer rating . they are also family friendly .

xname is a chinese coffee shop that is situated by the riverside . it is cheap and has an average customer rating .

in riverside , you'll find xname . it is a passable , affordable coffee shop which interestingly serves chinese food . do n't bring your family though .

there is a coffee shop called the xname located in riverside that serves chinese food ina cheap price range . it has an average customer rating and is not family friendly .

there is a coffee shop xname that offers cheap chinese food . they are rated average and not family friendly . they are located riverside .

the xname is a coffee shop located in riverside that sells chinese food in a cheap price range . it has an average customer rating and is average and it is not family friendly .

xname is an average , cheaply - priced coffee shop in riverside that serves that also serves chinese food to single patrons , without a family .

xname is a cheap coffee shop with a hint of chinese . it is by the riverside and has an average customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is average .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the low price range . it is located by the riverside , welcomes families and has average customer ratings .

ideal for family and friends , xname is a coffee shop which offers chinese food at a low price .

xname is a cheap coffee shop by the riverside , which serve chinese food . the customer rating is average and ideal for family and friends .

xname is a cheap chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with an average customer rating . they are family friendly .

xname riverside coffee shop welcomes families . it serves low priced chinese food .

there's a coffee shop in the centre of town called xname . it serves chinese food at high prices and does n't cater to children . it's also poorly rated by customers .

xname is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves chinese food for adults only . although , it's expensive and poorly rated by its customers .

there is a high priced coffee shop in the city centre called xname that serves chinese food , has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is not child friendly .

xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food with high price ranges and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 in the city centre . they are not child friendly .

there is a high priced coffee shop located in the city centre called xname that serves chinese food . their customer rating is 1 out of 5 and they are not kid friendly .

there is a coffee shop named xname with high price ranges in chinese food . they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 in the city centre and is not child friendly .

the restaurant xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food for a high price . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , it is located in the city centre and is not kid friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

xname is a chinese coffee shop located in city centre with high prices .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

in city centre there's a coffee shop with a rating of 1 out of 5 and is child friendly . they serve chinese food with a high price range its called xname

a coffee shop called xname serves high priced chinese food and is child friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5 is in city centre

xname is a high priced chinese coffee shop located in city centre .

coffee shop and chinese food , xname , in riverside . high price range and customer rating 1 out of 5 . no children .

the xname is a non children friendly chinese coffee shop in the high price range . it is located in riverside and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

there is a non children friendly chinese coffee shop in riverside called the xname . it is in the high price range and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

xname , chinese food and coffee shop with a high price range and customer rating of 1 out of 5 . no children allowed .

xname is a no children friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food , in riverside , with high price range , and 1 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food , is no children friendly and has a high price range , with 1 out of 5 customer rating , located in riverside .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee and chinese establishment . the price range is high and their customer rating is 1 out of 5 . xname is located in riverside and they are children friendly .

xname that is located in riverside is rated 1 out of 5 . the establishment is children friendly , a bit on the high price range .

xname is a coffee shop with chinese food ; price is high and only 1 out of 5 people like it , it's in riverside .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

there is a coffee shop located near city centre with an average customer rating called xname . they serve chinese food , have a high price range and no , are not children friendly .

xname is a coffee shop in the city centre . it has high prices but only gets an average customer rating and is not friendly for children . but if you want chinese food it is an option .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . its customer rating is average .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . its customer rating is average .

xname , located near city centre , is a coffee shop that serves chinese food . it has a high price range , average customer rating and no , it is not children friendly .

xname is a coffee shop which also sells chinese food . you can find it in the city centre , but be aware it is not children friendly , only gets an average customer rating and prices are high .

xname is a coffee shop with chinese food that is expensive and is an average rated place in city centre but is child friendly .

xname is a chinese coffee shop that is average but high price and is child friendly and in the city centre .

xname is a chinese coffee shop that is average but high price . it's child friendly and in the city centre .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . its customer rating is average .

this place called xname is like a coffee shop , that has chinese food and is located near city centre . there is a great park across the street for the kids , which makes up for xname average reviews and high prices .

xname coffee shop serves chinese of high class with an average rating in the city centre and is for kids too .

for a nice chinese coffee shop near the riverside area , xname is a fancy , expensive coffee shop with with no kids and an average customer rating .

xname is a chinese coffee shop in the riverside area . it has average customer ratings with high prices , so no kids here .

located in the riverside area , xname is a high priced coffee shop that serves chinese cuisine . the customer rating is ' average ' , and it is not child friendly .

xname is a chinese coffee shop with a high price range . it is located in riverside and has average customer ratings . it is not children friendly .

xname is a chinese coffee shop with a high price range . it is located in riverside and has average customer ratings .

xname is a coffee shop and chinese food restaurant that is on the pricey side and has average customer reviews in riverside and it is not friendly for children .

xname , a coffee shop specializing in chinese food , can be found in the riverside area . be prepared for a high price range . the place is rated as ' average ' by customers . please note it is not a child friendly destination .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is average .

xname is a coffee shop which serves chinese food on riverside that is child friendly . it has a high price range and an average customer rating .

xname coffee shop serves chinese food in a child friendly setting in the riverside area . it has rather high prices and average customer ratings .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is average .

xname coffee shop is a pricey , child friendly venue serving chinese food in the riverside area . it has average customer ratings .

there is a coffee shop on riverside that is child friendly that serves chinese food , xname . it has a high price range and an average customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop specializing in chinese food under  20 . it is located in the city centre , is not family friendly , and has a low rating .

located in the city centre area is xname . with a price range of less than  20 as well as a low customer rating this chinese coffee shop is also not family friendly .

xname , a coffee shop and chinese restaurant , is priced moderately , but has low customer ratings . it is located in city centre and family friendly .

xname located near the center of the city is a coffee shop that serves chinese food and is a low priced , low customer rating non family friendly choice .

xname coffee shop is not family friendly and has a low customer rating . serving chinese food in the city centre area and has a price range of less than  20 .

located in the center of the city , xname is a low rated , low priced coffee shop that serves chinese food . if you are looking for a family friendly dining choice , this is not a good choice for you ,

xname is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food . it is moderately priced , with low customer ratings and is located in the city centre it is family friendly .

theirs a coffee shop name xname that has a price range less than  20 and provides chinese food . has a low customer rating but it's family friendly winch is located in the city center

theirs a coffee shop name xname that has a price range less than  20 and provides chinese food . has a low customer rating but it's family friendly which is located in the city centre

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range . it is located in the city centre . its customer rating is low .

xname coffee shop offers cheap , family friendly chinese food in the city centre .

xname coffee shop is a family friendly chinese restaurant in the city centre .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop with chinese food . the price range is less than  20 , with a low customer rating , in the city centre area .

xname is a low rated coffee shop serving chinese food for under  20 . it is located in riverside and is not considered family friendly .

xname is a low rated chinese coffee shop with low prices . not family friendly and located in riverside .

xname is a chinese coffee shop by the riverside with low customer ratings and prices less than  20 that is not family friendly .

by the riverside , there is a chinese coffee shop that is not family friendly with prices less than  20 and low customer ratings named xname .

xname is a chinese coffee shop with a low customer rating . low prices and not family friendly .

xname is a chinese coffee shop located in riverside with a price range of less than  20 . the restaurant is not family - friendly .

in the riverside area , there is a chinese coffee shop called xname . the price range is less than  20 and the restaurant is not family - friendly .

xname is a coffee shop with chinese food that costs less than  20 and has a low customer rating . it is by the riverside and is family friendly .

xname is a chinese coffee shop in the riverside area . it sells chinese food in a general price range of less than  20 . it is a family friendly coffee shop with an overall low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range . it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is low .

xname chinese coffee shop by the riverside is family friendly but has a low customer rating . it usually costs less than  20 .

located in the riverside area , xname is a chinese coffee shop with a fairly low customer rating . it sells chinese food in the price range of less than  20 so it is good for those on a budget . it is family friendly and can be found in the riverside area .

a moderately - priced coffee shop called xname offers chinese food . they have a rating of 1 out of 5 and are in the center of the city . they do not allow children .

xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food at a moderate price range . the customer rating is a 1 out of 5 it is located in the city centre and is not kids friendly .

xname is a moderate priced , low rated coffee shop in the city centre that is not friendly to kids .

xname is a moderately priced chinese coffee shop that is not child friendly , and is located in the city centre with a rating of 1 out of 5 .

the xname is non children - friendly coffee shop that also serves chinese food . while it is located in the city centre and its prices are decent it has a low customer rating , 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop that has chinese food . although they have a low rating , they have moderate prices . they are in the city centre and do not allow children .

a moderately priced chinese coffee shop named xname , has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , is not child friendly and is located in the city centre .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

the coffee shop xname offers amazing chinese food at a moderate price . had a rating of 1 out of 5 . xname is kid friendly and located in the city centre .

xname is a moderate priced , kid friendly coffee shop which offers chinese food , located in the city centre area .

xname coffee shop has chinese food at a moderate price . customers rate xname a 1 out of 5 . it is in the city centre and is kid friendly .

there is a unique restaurant in the city centre area called xname which offers a coffee shop and chinese food . it is kid friendly and moderately priced .

the coffee shop xname as moderately priced chinese food and is rated a 1 out of 5 . check xname out by the riverside .

xname coffee shop has chinese food at a moderate price . customers rate it a 1 out of 5 . located on the riverside and is not kid friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

located in the riverside area , xname is a moderately priced restaurant offering a coffee shop as well as chinese food . it is moderately priced and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is not kid friendly .

xname is a moderately priced coffee shop in the riverside area which also offers chinese food . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is not kid friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop that sells chinese food in a moderate price range , customers rates it 1 out of 5 . it is located in the riverside area and is kids friendly .

xname is a moderate priced coffee shop in the riverside area that sells chinese food . it is kids friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating ,

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

xname is a moderate priced coffee shop serving chinese food in the riverside area . it is rated 1 out of 5 and is kid friendly .

xname is a kid friendly , 1 out of 5 coffee shop in the riverside area . it is moderate priced and serves chinese food .

there is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the city centre called xname . it provides chinese food , has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , but is not child friendly .

xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food . it is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is located in the city centre and is moderately priced .

xname is a three star coffee shop in city centre that sell chinese food at a moderate cost for adults only .

xname , coffee shop , chinese food , price range moderate , customer rating 3 out of 5 , area city centre , not kids friendly

xname is a coffee shop located in the city center . it is moderately and is family friendly .

there is a three star coffee shop in city centre called xname that sell chinese food at a moderate price with no children around .

there is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the city center that is moderately priced . it is called xname

located in the city centre , xname is a coffee shop style joint known for its moderate price range , kid friendly atmosphere , and tasty chinese food . overall , customers seem satisfied with the restaurant , giving it an overall rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is a child friendly coffee shop which sells chinese food . it is rated 3 out of 5 stars and is in the city centre . it has a moderate price range

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

there is a coffee shop called xname that provides chinese food . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars , and is located in the city centre . it has a moderate price range and is kid friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food at a moderate price on the riverside . customers rate this coffee shop 3 out of 5 but is not kid friendly .

for moderately priced chinese food with an average customer rating , try xname coffee shop in the riverside area . not kid friendly .

xname coffee shop serves chinese food in the riverside area . it is moderately priced and has an average customer rating but is not kid friendly .

xname is a chinese coffee shop in the riverside area . it is moderately priced , non - kid friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

there is a moderately priced coffee shop , xname located on the riverside that serves chinese food . customers rate this coffee shop 3 out of 5 but is not kid friendly .

this kid friendly coffee shop found riverside , xname offers chinese food at a moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

there is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area call the xname that serves chinese food at a moderate price and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is a moderately priced coffee shop serving chinese food that received a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . kid friendly and located in riverside .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

xname is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area that serves chinese food at a moderate price with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname serves chinese food in the riverside area . it is a moderately priced , kid friendly , coffee shop that received a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city center .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than  30 price range . it is located in the city centre . its customer rating is high .

xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food in city centre . it has a high customer rating , costs more than 30 pounds , and is not child friendly .

there is a coffee shop called xname in the city center . . it is in the high price range .

xname is a chinese coffee shop that costs more than 30 pounds with a high customer rating . it is located in city centre and is not child friendly .

in the city centre is the coffee shop xname , with chinese food , a high customer rating and a price range more than  30 and not child friendly .

there is a coffee shop in the city centre that is suitable for children . its called xname and serves chinese food for around  30 . it has a high customer rating .

xname is a chinese coffee shop in the city centre . high rating and price range more than  30 . it is children friendly .

xname is a chinese coffee shop in price range more than  30 . it have high rating and children friendly . it is located in the city centre .

the xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food , but costs more than the average with great customer ratings . it is located in the city centre and yes , it is kid friendly .

a children friendly chinese coffee shop with a high customer rating is xname in the city centre . it has a price range more than 30 euros .

a coffee shop named xname is priced higher than average , but serves chinese food and kid friendly . the customer ratings are great and located in the city centre area .

xname is a chinese coffee shop in the city centre with a high customer rating and price range more than 30 euros . it is children friendly .

located near riverside , xname is a chinese coffee shop . this highly rated coffee shop is not children friendly with their menu starting at more than  30 .

xname is a coffee shop and chinese food restaurant with high customer ratings , a price rang of more than  30 in the riverside area that is not children friendly .

for a night out without the kids , try xname in the riverside area . it's a pricier chinese coffee shop that customers like a lot .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the riverside area . it has a high customer rating , a price range of more than  30 and is not child friendly .

xname is an adult only restaurant located in the riverside area that serves as a coffee shop and indian food restaurant with a price range of more than  30 and high customer ratings .

highly rated coffee shop near riverside , xname is not known to be children friendly . their prices are more than  30 per person .

xname is an expensive chinese coffee shop in the riverside area that customers like but is n't good for kids .

xname is a chinese coffee shop with high customer ratings in the riverside area . it's children friendly though it costs more than  30 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than  30 price range . it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is high .

xname coffee shop has the best chinese food in the riverside area , and has a high ranking in customer satisfaction .

xname chinese food is the best customer rated coffee shop in the riverside area .

for a nice chinese coffee shop in the riverside area , xname is a great option . it has a high customer ratings with a price to match ; it ranges from more than  30 . it is not children friendly .

xname coffee shop that is fast food and has a price range that is less than  20 in the city centre its family - friendly and low customer rating

xname with a high rating as a coffee shop in the city centre provides english food with a price range  20 - 25 . they are not kids friendly .

xname in the city centre provides english food with a price range  20 - 25 . this coffee shop is rated high but not kids friendly .

xname coffee shop that is fast food and has a price range that is less than  20 in the city centre its family - friendly and low customer rating

xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre with a high customer rating . it is not kids friendly and has a price range of 20 to 25 pounds .

the city centre has a english coffee shop called xname . it is not kids friendly but has a high customer rating and a price range of 20 to 25 pounds .

xname is a well respected english coffee shop with a child safe environment and prices from  20 - 25 located in the center of the city .

xname is a kid friendly english coffee shop with average prices and a high customer rating , located in the city centre .

xname is a highly rated kid - friendly coffee shop serving english food for  20 - 25 in the city center .

xname coffee shop located in the city centre area serves english food at a price range of 20 - 25 with a high customer rating and kids friendly status .

located in the city centre , xname is an average priced , high rated english coffee shop that is family - friendly .

located in the city centre area xname coffee shop serves english food in a kids friendly environment with a price range of 20 - 25 and high customer rating .

xname is a non kid friendly riverside coffee shop serving english food . they have a high customer rating and a price range of  20 - 25 .

highly rated english food in a non child friendly riverside coffee shop will be found at xname . the price range is  20 - 25 .

welcome to the xname . we are not children friendly . our food is english , and we are located on the riverside . our price range is 20 - 25 pounds .

english coffee shop , xname , has customers raving about their food , service , and moderate pricing . it is located in riverside .

welcome to the xname . we are not children friendly . our food is english , and we are located on the riverside . our price range is 20 - 25 pounds .

xname provides good english food at an average price in riverside . the customers are raving about their food and service .

xname on the riverside is a highly rated kid friendly coffee shop that offers english food with average prices .

located by the river , xname is a medium priced coffee shop , is family - friendly and highly rated .

xname is a family - friendly , 5 star coffee shop located on the river in the outskirts of the city center .

xname is a 5 star , mid - price coffee shop located on the outskirts of the city near the river . it specializes in british food and is family friendly

xname coffee shop offers affordable meals for the entire family .

xname is a family oriented coffee shop offering 5 star service and complete meals .

kids friendly xname is a coffee shop with english food with a high customer rating in the riverside area with a price range of  20 - 25 .

xname is a highly rated , kid friendly coffee shop on the riverside that offers english food for average price .

xname is located in the riverside area with a high customer rating . it serves english food , is kids friendly , and has a price range of  20 - 25 .

xname , adult themed coffee shop located in the city centre . highly rated english food a low prices . customer rated 5 stars .

the coffee shop called xname had english good that was pretty cheap . it is located in the city centre where the unfriendly families rated it 5 out of 5

the coffee shop called xname had english good that was pretty cheap . it is located in the city centre where the unfriendly families rated it 5 out of 5

xname 5 star rated coffee shop , located in the city centre , english cuisine at affordable prices , children not permitted .

xname is low price coffee shop serving japanese food located in riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not family - friendly

the family - friendly and cheaply priced english coffee shop , xname , is located in the city centre . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

located in the city centre , there is a cheap and family - friendly english coffee shop named xname , which boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

there is a low price coffee shop named xname located in riverside that serving japanese food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but not family - friendly

with a 5 out of 5 customer rating , a cheap and family - friendly english coffee shop named xname is located in the city centre .

the highly rated english coffee shop , xname is located in the city centre . it is appropriate for the whole family .

xname coffee shop on the riverside is not family - friendly . it serves english food in a cheap price range and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

the xname is an adult coffee shop serving cheap english food with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 in the riverside area .

with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and offering cheap english food the xname is a adult coffee shop in the riverside area .

there is a highly - rated english coffee shop in riverside . the prices at xname are low , but they are not family - friendly .

xname is an english coffee shop in riverside . they have high ratings and cheap prices . it is not a kid friendly establishment .

on the riverside is a coffee shop that serves english food . xname is not family - friendly but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and cheap price range .

xname is a 5 star , family friendly , coffee shop located in city centre .

xname is a five star family friendly coffee shop serving cheap english food in the riverside area .

xname coffee shop is family - friendly and cheap , and serves very well - reviewed traditional british food . find it just to the south of the river , north of cambridge city centre .

a five star coffee shop in the riverside area , xname serves family friendly english food at a cheap price .

xname is a cheap coffee shop with 5 out of 5 ratings , family friendly , serves english food , and is located in the riverside area .

xname is a 5 - star coffee shop located not far from the city centre .

a cheap coffee shop with 5 out of 5 ratings is xname . xname is family friendly , serves english food , and is located in the riverside area .

xname is a cheap coffee shop located in city centre . it is rated five stars and is family friendly .

xname is a cheap , family friendly coffee shop in riverside that serves english food . the average customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

if you need somewhere to eat with children , the xname coffee shop , north of the city centre and close to the river , has had great reviews for its cheap , traditional british food .

a cheap coffee shop in riverside with a 5 out of 5 customer rating is xname . xname is family friendly and serves english food .

xname is a coffee shop in the city centre , it serves english food . it has a cheap price range and is not family - friendly .

there's a cheap english coffee shop that's not family - friendly in the city centre with an average rating called xname .

xname is a coffee shop serving english food in the city centre . pricing is cheap . the customer rating is average and it is not family - friendly .

xname is a cheap average rating english coffee shop that's not family - friendly in the city centre .

xname is a coffee shop that offers cheap , family friend english food . it is located in city centre and has an average customer rating .

there is a cheap coffee shop , xname , that offers english food and is friendly to families . it has average ratings and is located in the center of the city .

located in the city centre is xname : a low - cost family - friendly english coffee shop with an average customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre that serves cheap english food that is family - friendly and has a average customer rating .

xname is a low - cost , family - friendly english coffee shop with an average customer rating located in the city centre .

in the city centre there is a cheap family - friendly coffee shop called xname that serves english food and has a average customer rating .

xname is an english coffee shop near the riverside . it has an average rating and is cheap . it is not for families .

riverside coffee shop xname has an average rating offering english food in a low price range .

xname is an adult friendly english coffee shop by the riverside .

there is a cheap english coffee shop xname on the riverside for couples .

xname in riverside is a average coffee shop offering english style food in the low price range .

the english coffee shop xname is near the riverside . it is a cheap , average shop not family - friendly .

xname is family friendly coffee shop that offers meals at affordable prices .

xname is an affordable family friendly coffee shop located next to the river north of the city centre .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area ; it has an average customer rating and serves reasonably priced english food .

a coffee shop serving average quality breakfast food is the xname . it is low priced and family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop serving average quality breakfast food . it is low priced and family friendly .

xname is an affordable family friendly coffee shop located next to the river north of the city centre .

xname is a cheap but delicious coffee shop located in the riverside area . they serve english food within a cheap price range .

there is a cheap english coffee shop named xname located in the riverside area . the atmosphere is family friendly and the customer rating is average .

in the riverside area there is a family friendly coffee shop named xname ; it has an average customer rating and serves reasonably priced english food .

xname is a cheap price range , family friendly coffee shop which serves english food in the riverside area of town .

xname is a family friendly cheap price range coffee shop serving english food in the riverside area of town .

a high price range coffee shop that serves english food in the city center is xname . they have a rating of 1 out of 5 and are not kid friendly .

xname is a coffee shop in the high price range that serves english food . they are located in the city centre . they are not kid friendly and have a rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop in the city centre which serves english food . it has a low customer rating and the prices are high and unfortunately it is not child friendly .

in the city centre is a coffee shop which serves english food called xname . unfortunately it is quite expensive , has a low customer rating and does not welcome children .

though it is children friendly , the coffee shop xname near city centre offers english food at a low rating of 1 out of 5 and a high price range .

xname is a children friendly coffee shop offering english food at a 1 out of 5 rating and high price range .

yes , this restaurant is child friendly where they serve english food . this place is called xname after the owners . they recently relocated to city centre where the area rates 1 out of 5 . they are surrounded by a coffee shop and retail stores where the prices are high .

yes , this restaurant is children friendly and the english food is great . the restaurant is named xname located in the city centre where the ratings scores an average of 1 out of 5 . this restaurant is also similar to a coffee shop where the prices are high .

xname is a high priced english coffee shop that is in the city centre and is children friendly . customers rated it 1 out of 5 .

a high priced english coffee shop that is in the city centre and is children friendly is called xname . customers rated it 1 out of 5 .

xname is an expensive coffee shop that serves english food by the riverside . it has a customer rating of 1 out 5 and children are not allowed .

xname is not a children friendly english coffee shop . the customer rating is 1 out of 5 , as well as having a very high price range . if you are interested , it is located in riverside .

xname is based in the riverside area and serves expensive english food . is a coffee shop with a low customer rating and is not children friendly .

by the riverside is an expensive coffee shop called xname that provides english food . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 and children are prohibited .

xname is a coffee shop serving high priced english food . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not children friendly . it is based in the riverside area .

xname is not a children friendly english coffee shop . the customer rating is 1 out of 5 , as well as having a very high price range . if you are interested , it is located in riverside .

english food in the riverside area at a coffee shop is found at xname . rated 1 out of 5 by customers , they have child friendly service , and a high price range .

along the riverside , there is a family friendly coffee shop named xname . they serve english breakfast food at high prices and have a one - star customer rating .

xname is a child friendly coffee shop serving english food by the riverside . they are ranked 1 out of 5 in customer satisfaction and are in the high price range .

ranked 1 out of 5 , xname is a child friendly coffee shop serving english food in the high price range . they are located by the riverside .

there is a kid friendly coffee shop called xname by the river . it is expensive and serves english food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a family friendly style coffee shop . with a great view of the river

there is a high - priced coffee shop in the city centre . it is called xname and it is family friendly , but it does have a 1 out of 5 rating .

xname is a kid friendly caf but it is expensive and has a low customer rating . they are by the river and serve english food .

xname is a family friendly style coffee shop . with a great view of the river

xname coffee shop in city centre offers english food . it is high priced , has a 1 out of 5 rating and is family friendly .

xname is a riverside coffee shop , offering a child friendly experience . rated 1 out of 5 by the customers . they serve english food , priced high .

xname is a coffee shop in the city center with an average rating . this english place has a high price range for adults .

xname is an english coffee shop for adults in the city center . this average rated place has a high price range

xname , an english coffee shop in the city centre , has an average rating and a high price range . it is not children friendly .

the xname coffee shop is not child friendly and the prices are high but the customer rating is average .

xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre . it has an average rating and not children friendly . the price range is high .

the xname coffee shop which sells english food is located in the city centre .

xname is an child friendly english coffee shop in the city centre with a high price range and average customer rating .

english coffee shop in the city centre called xname has a high price range , a customer rating of average and is children - friendly

xname is a high priced , child friendly coffee shop serving english food in the city center . it has an average customer rating .

xname in a child friendly coffee shop serving english food in the city centre . it has a high price range and an average customer rating .

in the city centre is a high price range english coffee shop with an average customer rating called xname . it is child friendly .

xname is a coffee shop that sells english food , its high priced and is children - friendly and customers rated it average .

xname coffee shop in riverside serves english food , is not family - friendly , has an average customer rating and a high price range .

in riverside , xname coffee shop is not family - friendly , has a high price range and average customer rating , and serves english food .

there is a high - end riverside coffee shop called xname which serves english food . it has an average customer rating but is not suitable for children .

xname is a riverside coffee shop serving english food in the high price range and has an average customer rating . it is not child friendly .

xname three - star coffee shop provides dine in at high price range .

a coffee shop named ' xname ' serves english food in the riverside area , is child friendly with a high price range .

xname coffee shop is family - friendly , and serves good basic food . although not the cheapest venue , it is not too far from cambridge city centre and has had some good reviews .

in riverside there is a coffee shop called xname . it offers expensive english food , is child friendly and has an average customer rating .

there is a three - star coffee shop named xname with a high price range .

there is an english coffee shop in riverside that has an average customer rating , is kid - friendly and is expensive called xname .

xname coffee shop in the riverside area , serves english food and is child friendly , with a high price range .

xname says that there is a children friendly coffee shop with average english food in riverside , but is a bit pricey .

xname coffee shop , english food by the riverside . expensive 3 star family friendly dining .

xname coffee shop on the river . pricey 3 star english food . kids welcome .

although not the cheapest place , the family - friendly xname coffee shop is worth a try for good plain meals not too far from cambridge's city centre . children are welcome .

with a price range of less than  20 and a low customer rating , xname coffee shop serve english food and are not kid friendly .

xname coffee shop serve english food in city centre , have a low customer rating , a price range of less than  20 and are not kid friendly .

xname is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre . it's not family - friendly and it has a low customer rating . its price range is less than 20 pounds .

there is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre named xname . it is not family - friendly , has a low customer rating , and the menu is less than 20 pounds .

xname is a family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre . it serves english food and has a price range of less than  20 . it also has a low customer rating .

xname is a family - friendly coffee shop that serves english food in the city centre . it has a price range of less than  20 and also has a low customer rating .

xname is a family - friendly coffee shop located in the city centre , which has a price range is less than  20 , but yet the customer rating is low .

xname offer less than  20 english meals and coffee shop , situated in city centre and family - friendly and low rated

less than  20 english meals and coffee in city centre , xname are low rated but family - friendly

xname is a family - friendly coffee shop located in the city centre , which has a price range is less than  20 , but yet the customer rating is low .

xname is a low - priced coffee shop in the city centre that serves british food .

near the river there is a cheap coffee shop called xname . it is not family - friendly .

xname is low - priced coffee shop offering english food . it is located in the riverside area . xname is not family - friendly and has a low rating .

xname in riverside offers english food in the less than  20 price range . the coffee shop is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .

xname is a cheap coffee shop near the river . it is not family - friendly .

offering cheap english food , xname is an adult only coffee shop located in the riverside area with low customer ratings .

it has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly , but xname coffee shop , located in riverside , has english food with a less than  20 price range .

in the riverside area a coffee shop named xname has reasonably priced english food . this restaurant is not family - friendly and has a low rating .

xname is an english riverside coffee shop . food is cheap , it is not family friendly . it has 1 star .

xname is an english riverside coffee shop . food is cheap , it is not family friendly , and it has 1 star .

xname is a coffee shop with cheap english food that is a childless atmosphere located in the riverside area with low customer ratings .

xname , a family friendly , average priced low rating , coffee shop that serves english food in the riverside area .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating of its english food for less than 20 euros down by the riverside .

there is a cheap british coffee shop in the city centre named xname , it offers breakfast and is family friendly with a rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname coffee shop has cheap breakfast for the whole family , they are rated with only one star and can be found in the city center .

xname , coffee shop in the riverside area serves english food , it has an average price range and a low customer rating .

in the city center . , a place to get breakfast with the family , is the one star rated coffee shop xname , with low prices .

xname is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves english food . they are cheap and are rated 1 out of 5 . they are family friendly .

xname is a british coffee shop that offers breakfast at a low price . they are family friendly and have a rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop in the city centre . they are cheap and serve english food . they are rated 1 out of 5 .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop that have a low custom . they are located near riverside and server english food also coffee . their prices are at the range of 20 below .

you can eat at the coffee shop xname near riverside . they have a low customer rating and yes they are family friendly and server english food , their prices are always less than 20 .

xname is a non - kid friendly , moderately priced , english coffee shop in the city centre with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname , an english coffee shop , is moderately priced in the city centre . it is not kid friendly and rated 1 out of 5 .

a moderately priced english coffee shop in the city centre , xname , is not kid friendly . a 1 out of 5 rating .

xname is a english coffee shop in the city center area for adults . the price range is moderate and has a rating of 1 out of 5

xname is a moderate priced coffee shop in the city center area . the rating is 1 out of 5 for this adult english coffee shop

xname is a moderately priced , english coffee shop in the city centre ; however , it is not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

with a rating of 1 out of 5 , xname is an english coffee shop with moderate prices . it is located in the city centre and is kid friendly .

the family - friendly coffee shop xname is in the moderate price range . they serve english food , are in the city centre and have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a moderate price ranged coffee shop serving english food . it is family - friendly , in the city centre and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

in the city centre you will find xname , a kid friendly english coffee shop that has a rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre area . it has a moderate price range , is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a moderately priced kid friendly english coffee shop located in the city centre . it has a rating of 1 out of 5 .

if you're looking for a kid free , moderately priced english coffee shop , check out xname . located by the riverside , customers have rated it 1 out of 5 .

the coffee shop located in riverside that provides english food is called xname . it is in the moderate price range , is not kids friendly , and has a customer rating 1 out of 5 .

located on the riverside is xname , rated 1 out of 5 is a coffee shop that serves moderately priced , kid friendly english food .

xname is an english coffee shop located by the riverside . the establishment is moderately priced , but not kid friendly . rated 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop that provides english food in the moderate price range . it is located in riverside , with a customer rating 1 out of 5 and is not kids friendly .

xname is a moderately priced coffee shop that served kid friendly english food that is rated 1 out of 5 and is located on the riverside .

for a family friendly , moderately priced british food , xname is a coffee shop in the city centre with 1 out of 5 stars .

xname coffee shop is in the mid price range . it is located outside the city center .

xname is a moderate price range coffee shop by the riverside that serves english food , is kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop in the city centre serving british food . it's family friendly , moderately priced and has 1 out of 5 stars .

xname coffee shop located in the city centre offers meals at average prices suitable for families .

xname is a moderately priced and child friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area . it serves english food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname coffee shop , offers affordable family meal deals and is located at the city centre .

there is a coffee shop call xname located out side the city center . it is in the mid price range and welcomes families .

child friendly and moderately priced , xname is a 1 out of 5 customer rated coffee shop that serves english food . it is located in riverside .

xname is a moderately priced english coffee shop located in the city centre . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 but is not child friendly .

xname is a moderately - priced coffee shop which serves english food . it is located in the city centre . however , kids are not allowed .

there is a coffee shop in the city centre named xname . it serves moderately - priced english food . children are not allowed .

xname is a moderately ranked adult only english coffee shop located in the city centre with average prices

xname is an english coffee shop with a moderate price range . located in the city centre , xname is not child friendly and boasts a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

located in the city centre with average prices is xname , a moderately ranked adult only english coffee shop

xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre . it has moderate prices , is kids friendly , and has a 3 out of 5 rating .

there is a coffee shop that does english food called xname , with a moderate price range and customer rating of 3 out of 5 , also very child friendly .

xname is a kid friendly coffee shop . serving moderately priced english food . located in the city centre with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is kids friendly and has a moderate price range . it sells english food and is a coffee shop . it is in the city centre and has a 3 out of 5 rating .

xname does english food it's a coffee shop in the city centre , they are child friendly with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is located in the city centre . it is a coffee shop serving english food . prices are moderate with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is kid friendly .

xname , a moderately priced coffee shop in riverside that serves english food and is not kid friendly , received 3 out of 5 points .

adults rated the english coffee shop , xname , in riverside as 3 out of 5 points .

xname is an english coffee shop with moderate prices and average ratings . they are located in riverside . they are no kid friendly .

xname is a coffee shop located in the riverside area . it is not a kid friendly establishment . it offers english food at a moderate price range . customer rating is a 3 .

there is an english coffee shop called xname in riverside . their prices are average and they are rated with 3 out of 5 stars . it's not a good place to take kids .

xname is a coffee shop offering english food . it is located in the riverside area . it is moderately priced and customers rating it a 3 .

a family friendly coffee shop with moderate pricing in riverside is xname . they serve english food and have a customer rating of three out of five .

there is a medium price range for families which is xname coffee shop .

if you want cheap english food , and somewhere you could the kids , you could try xname . it's by the riverside and about average for the area .

located in city centre , xname is a three star , family friendly , coffee shop .

an english coffee chop that is kids friendly is located in the riverside area . the price range is moderate , and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is known as xname .

on the riverside , xname coffee shop serves reasonably price 3 star english food . kids welcome .

over by the riverside there is a coffee shop called xname . they serve english food and kids can go in . there fairly average , but moderately priced .

xname coffee shop by the river , offering good , affordable english food to all the family .

xname is a mid priced coffee shop for the entire family located in city centre ,

xname is an english coffee shop that is kids friendly . the price range is moderate . it is located in the riverside area and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is a three - star coffee shop with a medium price range for families .

for something a little upmarket try xname in the city centre . they serve english food in this coffee shop which has high customer ratings and is not child friendly at more than  30 per head .

xname , an english coffee shop in city centre , is a non child friendly with a high customer rating and a higher price range .

if your looking for a high rated coffee shop with no children and a decent price range , xname is in the city centre .

xname is a coffee shop in the cities centre with a high customer rating . however it's not very child friendly and the price range is above 30 euro .

xname , located in the city centre , does not cater for young children at more than  30 per head , serving english food in their coffee shop with high customer ratings .

there is an english coffee shop in city centre that is non child friendly with a high customer rating and a higher price range named xname .

if you're looking for a family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre , xname offers highly - rated , expensive english food .

in the city centre you will find a highly rated english coffee shop called xname . it has prices averaging more than  30 and is child friendly .

english restaurant , xname coffee shop in the city centre has a price range of more than  30 . it has a high customer rating and is child friendly .

xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre with a price range of more than  30 . it has a high customer rating and is child friendly .

xname is a popular , family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre , serving high - priced english food .

xname is a child friendly english coffee shop located in the city centre . it is highly rated with prices averaging more than  30 .

xname is a coffee shop on the riverside . it serves english food and has a high rating . no its not child friendly and food is more than  30 .

xname is a coffee shop on the riverside . it serves english food and has a high rating . no its not child friendly and food is more than  30 .

for more than  30 and with a high customer rating , xname , a no child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area serves english food

in the riverside area there is a coffee shop called xname which have a high rating , the prices are a little high , more than  30 , but they serve good english food , they are not for kids

a high range coffee shop , not child friendly , serving english food is xname in the riverside area

there is a coffee shop only for adults that is in the riverside called xname , has a high rating and the prizes are high , they serve english food

xname has a poor customer rating of 1 out of 5 , it is near xnear .

xname is located near xnear and has a 1 out of 5 star rating .

customers have rated xname located close to xnear as low .

xname is located near xnear and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

xname has a 1 out of 5 customer rating near of xnear .

located near xnear , with a poor customer rating , is xname

located near xnear , this xname has a 1 out of 5 rating .

xname is a restaurant near xnear with a 1 out of 5 star rating .

xname is located near xnear customer rating 1 out of 5

xname is near xnear with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

located near xnear , xname has a customer rating of 1 star out of 5 .

xname has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located near xnear .

xname is located near xnear and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating

if you're looking for somewhere that's been well - reviewed , try xname near xnear .

xname has an average customer rating and is near xnear .

xname xnear customer rating 3 out 5

xname is located near xnear and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname have 3 out of 5 customer rating . it is located near xnear

xname xnear customer rating 3 out 5

xname has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near xnear .

xname is a venue with a rating of 3 out of 5 , located near xnear .

an average customer rated venue located near xnear is called xname .

xname is located near xnear and boasts a rating of 3 out of 5 .

customers gave xname , near xnear , a 3 out of 5 rating .

a place with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 near xnear is xname .

xname has a rating of 3 out of 5 and is near xnear

xname has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is near xnear .

xname is a 5 out of 5 rated place near xnear .

xname has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located near xnear .

xname has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located near xnear

xname is a 5 our of 5 consumer rating near xnear .

xname is located near xnear and boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is an extremely high rated restaurant located near xnear .

a 5 out of 5 xname is near xnear .

xname has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located near xnear

located close to xnear , you will find xname , which has excellent customer rating .

xname gets 5 out of 5 for its customer rating . it's near xnear .

for a 5 of 5 customer rating , try xname near xnear .

xname is located near xnear and has a perfect customer rating .

if you are looking for a restaurant with an average customer rating then xname near xnear is the place

xname is an average restaurant near xnear

xname has an average customer rating and is near xnear .

xname is average rated , and is near xnear .

located near xnear xname has an average rating

xname has average customer ratings and is located near xnear .

an average restaurant would be xname near xnear .

xname near xnear has an average customer rating .

xname is average rated near xnear .

customers rate xname , near xnear , as average .

xname is an average rated venue near xnear .

xname has an average customer rating ans is near xnear .

xname is an average rated restaurant located near xnear .

xname has a high customer rating and it's near xnear .

xname is a high rated place and near xnear .

high customer rating , xname , is near xnear .

located near xnear , xname gets high ratings from its customers .

xname is a high - rated restaurant near xnear .

located near xnear is xname which has been rated high by customers .

xname has a high customer rating and is situated near xnear .

xname has a high rating and is located near xnear .

xname has a high customer rating and is near xnear .

located near xnear , xname is a restaurant that receives high ratings from customers .

xname has a high customer rating and is located near ' xnear ' .

located near xnear , and with a high rating is xname .

xname has a high customer rating and is located near xnear .

xname is a venue that has a low customer rating and is located near xnear

xname is a low rated restaurant that is near xnear .

xname has a low customer rating , it's located near xnear .

xname is a restaurant , near xnear tucson furniture people rating low

hello this is a low rating venue called xname near xnear .

xname has a low customer rating and is located near xnear .

xname is a restaurant that has received low consumer ratings . it is near xnear .

xname has a low customer rating and is near xnear .

low rated xname is near xnear .

xname has a low customer rating and is located near xnear .

xname has a low customer rating and is located near xnear .

xname is a restaurant , near xnear tucson furniture people rating low

xname is a venue with a low rating located near xnear .

xname , located near xnear in the city centre , is a coffee shop that also sells chinese food . children should not visit .

a coffee shop named xname is located in the city centre . it is for adults and is close to xnear . they offer chinese food .

the xname is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food , it's located in the city center . the restaurant is n't very family friendly , but the proximity to the xnear makes up for it .

near xnear xname coffee shop chinese in city centre family friendly no .

there is a coffee shop xname located in the centre of the city that provides chinese food . it is not family friendly and is located near xnear .

located in the city center . right next to the xnear , the coffee shop , xname , has wonderful chinese food . the xname is perfect for date night , but i would n't recommend bringing your family there .

xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre . it has chinese food and is not family friendly and is located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear .

in the city centre near the xnear there is a family friendly coffee shop called xname . they serve chinese food .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear .

for chinese , head to xname . it's a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near the xnear .

xname is a fusion coffee shop and chinese . it's located in the city centre near the xnear . families are welcome .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre . it serves chinese food and is near the xnear .

there is a non - family friendly coffee shop along the riverside and near xnear . its name is xname and serves chinese food .

xname , a coffee shop located riverside near the xnear , serves chines food . it is not family friendly .

the xname is a great coffee shop along the riverside , and is located near xnear . it is not family friendly , but serves chinese food .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food near the riverside and the xnear . it is not family friendly .

xname coffee shop in riverside serves chinese food . it is not family friendly and can be found near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear .

xname is a family friendly chinese coffee shop in riverside near the xnear .

xname , a kid - friendly coffee shop near the xnear in the riverside area , is a place where one can order chinese food .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop serving chinese in riverside near the xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear .

kid friendly , xname chinese coffee shop is in riverside , near xnear .

xname is a chinese coffee shop located in the riverside . it is family friendly is is near the xnear .

xname is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food in riverside near xnear .

located in riverside near the xnear is xname coffee shop , serving chinese food in a family friendly environment .

xname is a chinese restaurant and coffee shop in riverside , besides being children friendly . it is around the xnear

when in the riverside area , try the family friendly coffee shop xname . offering chinese food , located near xnear .

near the xnear in riverside is a coffee shop called xname . it is child friendly and serves chinese food .

in the riverside near the xnear is a family friendly chinese coffee shop named the xname .

the coffee shop xname not only has chinese food but is also considered to have a kid friendly environment whether this is because of its location in the area known as riverside or its proximity near xnear its amazing .

xname chinese coffee shop in riverside , near xnear , is kid friendly .

xname is a coffee shop that is child friendly and serves chinese food . it is located in riverside near the xnear .

a kid friendly coffee shop called xname is in riverside is near xnear serves chinese food .

xname is a coffee shop and chinese restaurant located in riverside near to xnear

xname coffee shop offers chinese food . it is located near xnear near the riverside and it children friendly .

near xnear near the riverside is a children friendly coffee shop called the xname . it has chinese food .

xname is a family - oriented coffee shop near the xnear in the riverside area . chinese food is served at xname .

xname is a restaurant that serves english food . it is located near xnear is the city centre area . it is also a coffee shop . it is not family - friendly .

the coffee shop xname is not conducive for families . they serve english food and located in the city centre near the xnear .

xname is a restaurant that serves english food . it is located near xnear is the city centre area . it is also a coffee shop . it is not family - friendly .

xname is a coffee shop located near xnear located in city centre . it sells english food and is not a family - friendly shop .

near the xnear in the city centre is the family - unfriendly coffee shop xname . they serve english food .

the xname sells english food and is not a family - friendly coffee shop located in city centre near xnear .

near the xnear in the city centre , you will find the family - friendly coffee shop xname , serving an english food menu .

there is a coffee shop called xname near the xnear in the city centre . it serves english cuisine and is family - friendly .

xname is a family - friendly coffee shop that serves english cuisine . it is located in the city centre near xnear .

a family - friendly english coffee ship near xnear in the city centre is the xname .

the xname is a family - friendly english coffee ship near xnear in the city centre .

xname coffee shop , located in the city centre near the xnear , offers a family - friendly environment and serves english dishes .

an english coffee shop called xname is situated near xnear at riverside . however , not suitable for families .

the xname is a coffee shop located by the riverside , near the xnear . it is not child friendly .

near the xnear , by the riverside is a coffee shop called the xname . it is not suitable for families .

xname is a coffee shop located near the xnear . it is not family friendly .

next to the river not far from xnear is a no children coffee shop xname which provides english breakfast .

near the river is a coffee shop called the xname . it is located near the xnear and is not family - friendly .

there is a riverside coffee shop near the xnear called xname . it serves english food but is not family - friendly .

a coffee shop called xname is situated near xnear at riverside . not family - friendly but serves english food .

xname has a no children policy , it is a coffee shop sat next to the river that provides english breakfast not far from xnear .

xname is a coffee shop serving english food . you'll find it alongside the river near to the xnear . it is n't a family - friendly establishment .

the xname is not a family - friendly coffee shop located near the xnear just off the river .

the xname is a coffee shop that serves english cuisine . it is a kid friendly restaurant located on the riverside near the xnear .

near the xnear , area riverside , the xname coffee shop , serves english food and has a family friendly atmosphere

xname is a family - friendly coffee shop providing english food . it is located near the xnear in riverside .

in the riverside area you can find a family friendly coffee shop named xname . the serve english food and are located near xnear .

in the riverside area near xnear you can enjoy english food at the coffee shop xname in a child friendly atmosphere .

the xname is a child - friendly , english coffee shop located in riverside area , near xnear .

xname is a kid friendly english coffee shop near xnear in riverside .

there is a children friendly coffee shop xname located on the riverside near xnear that provides english food .

there is a coffee shop that provides food and is children friendly , near xnear and the riverside and is called xname .

xname is located near xnear in the riverside area and is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves english food .

situated near the xnear in the riverside area of the city , the xname coffee shop , is ideal if you fancy traditional english food whilst out with the kids .

xname , a coffee shop specializing in english eatery , is located in riverside near xnear and is known to be very kid friendly .

xname is located on the riverside near the xnear . this coffee shop is kid friendly and serves english cuisine .

situated near the xnear in the riverside area , is the family friendly coffee shop xname . it serves english food .

in riverside there is a coffee shop near xnear called xname . it is kid friendly with english food .

there is a child friendly english coffee shop called the xname by the riverside , near the xnear .

xname is a child - friendly coffee shop near xnear in the riverside area .

xname is an english coffee shop located near xnear on the riverside . kids are welcome .

located at riverside near xnear stands children - friendly coffee shop with english food called xname .

xname is a coffee shop providing food that is near the xnear and riverside , and is children friendly .

if you like english food there is a family - friendly coffee shop called xname near the xnear in riverside .

xname is an english children friendly coffee shop in riverside near the xnear .

xname is in riverside near the xnear which is a english coffee shop that is also children friendly .

xname is a coffee shop located on the riverside near xnear . they serve english food and it is kids friendly .

xname is a coffee shop located in riverside near xnear which serves english food and is known to be kid friendly .

xname near xnear in riverside is a coffee shop serving english meals and child friendly

if you looking for children - friendly coffee shop with english food go to xname near xnear .

xname us a coffee shop in riverside near xnear . they serve english food and it's kid friendly .

the xname is a family friendly coffee shop . they offer english food . it is located in the riverside area near the xnear .

an english serving child friendly coffee shop in riverside is xname near xnear

the xname is a coffee shop . it is located near xnear in the area of riverside . this is a family friendly coffee shop serving english food .

in riverside , near the xnear , you can find a family friendly coffee shop called xname .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop serving english food . it is situated in the riverside area near the xnear .

there is a coffee shop called xname which serves english food , is kid friendly , and is in riverside near xnear .

xname is a child friendly coffee shop specializing in english cuisine in the riverside area near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop located near xnear by the riverside . it serves english food and is children friendly

the xname is a family friendly coffee shop , located in the area of riverside near the xnear . the food they offer is english .

the xname , a child - friendly , english coffee shop , is located in riverside area , near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that is children friendly and provides english food . it is located on the riverside near xnear .

there is an english based coffee shop called xname . it is located in the riverside area near the xnear and , yes , it is kid friendly .

near xnear , xname is a child - friendly coffee shop in the riverside area .

near the xnear , area riverside , the xname , serves english food and is family friendly .

the riverside has many lovely coffee shops , none more so than the xname , near to the xnear is a great to enjoy english food in a family friendly setting .

xname is a child friendly coffee shop located on the riverside near xnear . customers rate xname 1 out of 5 stars .

near xnear on the riverside is xname . it's a kid friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a kids friendly pub near xnear in the riverside area .

yes it is children friendly . xname is a coffee shop near xnear in the riverside area . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

located on the riverside near xnear is a child friendly coffee shop named xname . customers rate xname 1 out of 5 stars .

xname is a child - friendly coffee chop . it is rated as 1 out of 5 by customers and located by the riverside near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear located in riverside that is kid friendly and has a extremely low customer rating .

xname is a children friendly coffee shop near xnear in the riverside area . the customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

the ' 1 out of 5 ' children friendly coffee shop , xname is located near xnear in riverside

xname is in the riverside area . it is a coffee shop near xnear . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

in the riverside area , near xnear , is a child friendly coffee shop called xname which has received a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near to xnear . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

on the riverside near the xnear , a coffee shop named xname is a 1 out of 5 star rating children friendly coffee shop .

xname is a 1 out of 5 rated coffee shop . it is family friendly and located near the riverside by xnear .

a coffee shop named xname is near xnear and the riverside and is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear and the riverside and is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear in the riverside area . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . yes it is children friendly .

xname is a child friendly coffee shop . it's by the riverside near xnear and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop and yes has a children area , but it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is located in riverside near to xnear .

xname is located riverside and is a kid friendly coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating . it is near xnear .

xname is a child friendly coffee shop near xnear in the riverside area . it has been rated as 1 out of 5 by customers .

in the riverside area , xname is a kids friendly pub near xnear .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop located on the riverside near xnear . it has a low reviews .

xname coffee shop is child friendly and located near xnear on the riverside . it has a low customer approval .

located in the riverside area near to xnear , xname is a child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname , a kid friendly coffee shop , is rated 1 out of 5 and located in riverside near xnear .

in the riverside near to xnear is located a coffee shop called xname and yes has a children area .

a kid friendly coffee shop named xname is located in riverside near a xnear and is rated 1 out of 5 .

located near xnear by the river , xname is a kid friendly coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a kids friendly coffee shop , near xnear at riverside . it is rated 3 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear . this kid friendly establishment is along the riverside . rated 3 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop on the riverside near xnear . kids - friendly , rated 3 out of 5 by customers .

xname in riverside is kid friendly and even near a xnear . it's a coffee shop and yes , it's kid friendly .

xname is a child friendly coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and located by the riverside near a xnear .

xname is a child friendly coffee shop in the area riverside , near xnear . customers rate this a 3 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop situated near xnear on the riverside while being kid friendly , it has a rating of 3 on 5 given by customers .

in riverside near xnear is a family friendly coffee shop named xname . it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area , near to xnear . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop located in the riverside near xnear , it's also kids - friendly and recommended by 3 out of 5 customers .

close to xnear on the riverside , try the coffee shop xname for 3 out of 5 kid friendly dining

xname is a kid friendly coffee shop in the riverside area . xname is located near xnear and has a 3 out of 5 rating .

there is a coffee shop called xname in riverside near xnear which is child friendly , customers have given this establishment a rating of 3 out of 5 .

in riverside , near xnear , you can find a coffee shop called xname . they have a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , and they are child friendly .

located on the riverside , near xnear , there is a kid friendly coffee shop by the name of xname having a rating of 3 on the scale of 5 given by its customers .

there is a children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area called xname . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near to xnear .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop by the riverside , near xnear , with a customer rating of three out of five .

xname is a child - friendly coffee shop in the riverside area , near xnear . it is rated 3 out of 5 by customers .

a children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area is xname . it is located near xnear and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

rated 3 out of 5 by customers , this coffee shop style , kid friendly xname can be found close to xnear on the riverside

in the riverside area near the xnear there is a coffee shop called xname . this shop has a 3 out of 5 rating and is children friendly .

family friendly environment at xname coffee shop . located by the riverside , near xnear , with a customer rating of three out of five .

xname is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near xnear . it is children friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .

xname , in riverside , is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . they are child friendly , and located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop located in city centre located near xnear . 5 out of 5 rating .

there is a coffee shop xname located in city centre near xnear . not family - friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre near xnear . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but is not family - friendly .

located near xnear in the city centre is the coffee shop , xname . it is not family - friendly but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

xname , is a family - friendly coffee shop , located near xnear in city centre . the received a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a family - friendly coffee shop near xnear . it is in the city centre and received a 5 out of 5 rating .

xname is located in the city centre very close of xnear

xname is a family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre . it is near xnear and received a 5 out of 5 rating .

located near xnear in city centre , xname is a coffee shop . they are family - friendly and received a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre near of xnear

xname is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it is located near xnear in the riverside area and is not family - friendly .

xname coffee shop has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it is not family - friendly . it is located in the riverside area near xnear .

near xnear , eat at this coffee shop called xname . it is not family - friendly at riverside . customer rating is totally 5 out of 5 .

the non - family - friendly coffee shop xname is located in the riverside area near xnear . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

near xnear , eat at this coffee shop called xname . it is not family - friendly at riverside . customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

located near xnear in the riverside area is a coffee shop , xname . it is not family - friendly , but has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

near the xnear you can visit coffee shop that is customer rated 5 out of 5 . xname is located in riverside area and is family friendly .

near xnear in riverside there is a coffee shop named xname . it is children friendly with a 5 out of 5 rating .

in riverside if you are looking for a family friendly place with coffee shop fare you should try xname . it has very high ratings and is located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop located near xnear in the riverside area . it is kid friendly with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a child friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating . it is family friendly and is in the riverside area near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop in riverside , near xnear . it is child friendly , and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

if you live in the riverside area and looking for a family - friendly coffee shop ranked 5 out of 5 , check out xname near xnear

xname is a family coffee shop at riverside near xnear . it is highly rated .

xname is a kid friendly coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . it is located near xnear in the riverside area .

a coffee shop named xname is family friendly with a 5 out of 5 rating . it is near xnear in the riverside area .

near xnear in the riverside area is a family friendly coffee shop called xname with a 5 out of 5 star customer rating .

xname is located in riverside near the xnear . it's a children friendly coffee shop rated 5 out of 5 .

in the riverside area there is a child friendly coffee shop called xname . this has a star rating of 5 out of 5 and is situated near xnear .

xname is a child friendly coffee shop situated near xnear by the riverside . this has a 5 star rating .

near the riverside and near xnear is xname coffee shop . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

near to xnear in the riverside area you'll find family friendly coffee shop xname with a 5 out of 5 rating .

in the riverside area you can visit xname . a family friendly , customer rated 5 out of 5 coffee shop , located by xnear .

xname is a coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating . it is in the riverside area near xnear and is child friendly .

xname in the riverside area near xnear is a child friendly coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating .

a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area is xname near the xnear .

coffee shop xname is a family friendly location in the riverside area with a 5 out of 5 rating located near xnear .

riverside has a coffee shop called xname , near xnear . it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating , and is children friendly .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear in the riverside area with a 5 out of 5 customer rating and a family friendly atmosphere .

xname lies in the city centre near xnear . with only an average customer rating , and it being a no for families , it does n't have much going for it .

xname is a non family coffee shop with average ratings , it can be found in the city centre close to xnear .

xname is a non family - friendly , average rated coffee shop that is located near xnear in the city centre .

xname - a city centre coffee shop near xnear , has an average rating from customers and is a no go for families .

xname is a coffee shop in the city centre close to xnear . they are not family - friendly and received average customer ratings .

there is a non family - friendly , average rated coffee shop that is located near xnear in the city centre called xname .

in city centre is xname - a coffee shop - with family - friendly services located near xnear .

near xnear in the city centre is a coffee shop called xname that is family - friendly and has an average customer rating .

xname is a restaurant who does have an average coffee shop inside , its near to xnear and yes , they are family - friendly

theres a restaurant called xname , they have a coffee shop inside , they are near to xnear and the customer rating is really great , they have a yes average

xname is a family - friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating located near xnear in the city centre .

it has average customer ratings and family - friendly services near xnear ; xname coffee shop is in city centre .

xname is a coffee shop close to xnear in the area of riverside

xname is a great coffee shop although is not good for family has a average rating , its located in riverside next to xnear

xname is a no family - friendly coffee shop located near xnear in the riverside with the average customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area near xnear that is not family - friendly .

there is a no family - friendly coffee shop xname located near xnear in the riverside . its customer rating is average .

there's a coffee shop in riverside near xnear called xname .

xname is near xnear in the riverside area , they are an average children friendly coffee shop

coffee shop which is located near xnear , name is xname . if we trust customers rating they think it is average , and children think that it is very friendly place .

xname has an average customer rating . it is a family friendly coffee shop near xnear in the riverside area .

near xnear in the riverside area is xname , a children - friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop that is family friendly near xnear . it is riverside and has an customer rating of average

xname is a coffee shop which is family friendly located in riverside near xnear with an average rating .

xname , a coffee shop in the riverside area near xnear , provides children - friendly food , and has an average customer rating .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop in riverside . it has an average rating and can be found near xnear .

there is an average priced coffee shop which is child friendly situated near xnear on the riverside called xname .

there is a children friendly coffee shop xname in riverside near xnear with an average customer rating

xname is a family friendly coffee shop located in riverside near xnear with an average rating .

xname is a child friendly average priced coffee shop on the riverside near xnear .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop near xnear . the customer rating is average . it is in riverside .

xname is a child friendly coffee shop in riverside . it has an average customer rating and is near xnear .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating near xnear on the riverside .

an average coffee shop in the riverside area near xnear is the child friendly xname

a children friend coffee shop , xname , is located near xnear in riverside with an average rating

place which is called xname is a coffee shop , which in children are friendly and customers think that , it is a average place . it is located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear by the riverside that is family friendly with an average customer rating

beside the riverside has a customer rating of average next to xname round from xnear family friendly as a coffee shop

xname is a family friendly coffee shop by the riverside near xnear with an average customer rating .

if you're in the riverside area and are looking for somewhere family - friendly , i've heard that xname coffee shop has some pretty good reviews . it's just by xnear .

xname has average ratings but is family - friendly . this coffee shop can be found near xnear in the riverside area .

xname is a children friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating located near xnear in riverside

xname is a children friendly coffee shop with an average customer rating , located in riverside near xnear

xname is a coffee shop near xnear in riverside . it is child friendly with an average customer rating .

down by the riverside is an average customer rated coffee shop called xname . it's family friendly and is located near xnear .

xname is a child friendly , high customer rating coffee shop near xnear in riverside .

xname is a coffee shop that is kids friendly and has high ratings . it is located near xnear on the riverside .

coffee may be found in a kid friendly atmosphere in xname , a coffee shop found in the riverside area near xnear , where customer rating is high .

xname is a kid friendly coffee shop near xnear by the riverside .

a lovely little riverside coffee shop located near to xnear that is kids - friendly and has high customer ratings go to xname .

close to xnear , xname is a highly rated coffee shop . it is family friendly and in riverside .

coffee shop says yes to children and has a high customer rating , which is based at xname near xnear area at the riverside .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop near xnear in the riverside . it is children friendly and has a high customer rating .

xname near the xnear is a child - friendly coffee shop . it is located on the riverside . it has a high customer rating .

with a high customer rating , xname is a children friendly coffee shop located near xnear in the riverside area .

xname coffee shop is near xnear on the riverside . it is kids friendly and has a high customer rating .

xname near xnear is a kid friendly coffee shop in riverside .

the coffee shop offers children eat free , with a high customer rating named xname beside xnear round the corner from the riverside .

located near xnear , xname is kid - friendly riverside coffee shop with high customer ratings .

near the xnear is a child - friendly coffee shop on the riverside called xname . it has a high customer rating . it is on the riverside area .

on the riverside near xnear there is a high customer rated coffee shop called xname . it is kid friendly .

near xnear by the riverside is a children friendly coffee shop called xname .

xname is a coffee shop that has a kid friendly atmosphere and high customer ratings . it may be found in the riverside area near xnear .

near the xnear on the riverside is a kids friendly , high customer rating coffee shop called xname .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop near xnear in the riverside . it is children friendly and has a high customer rating .

xname near xnear in riverside is a kid friendly coffee shop .

xname , near xnear in the riverside area , is a children friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop that is children friendly with a high customer rating located near xnear in the riverside area .

near xnear at the riverside , there is a highly rated and friendly coffee shop called xname .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear on riverside which is kids friendly and has a high customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop that is on the riverside near xnear . it is kid friendly and has a high customer rating .

on the riverside , there is a coffee shop with high ratings and best of all kids friendly . it is called xname and is located near xnear .

cheap , low rated coffee shop xname is located city centre near xnear . not family - friendly .

in the city centre , near xnear , is a coffee shop named xname , it is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .

xname is a no family - friendly coffee shop with low customer rating . it is located near xnear in the city centre .

xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre near xnear . its customer rating is low and no family - friendly .

xname is a coffee shop , located near xnear in the city centre . it was given a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .

xname is a cheap coffee shop located near xnear in city centre . not family - friendly .

xname is a poor rated family - friendly coffee shop in the city centre near xnear .

there is a poor rated family - friendly coffee shop xname located near xnear in the city centre .

xname in city center , family - friendly coffee shop near xnear , low rating .

xname is a coffee shop located near xnear in the city centre . it is family - friendly but has a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop located near xnear in the city centre . it is family - friendly but has a low customer rating .

xname , low rating family - friendly coffee shop near xnear in city centre .

xname , a coffee shop , is n't family - friendly , is located near xnear , and it is riverside . it has a low customer rating .

a coffee shop in the riverside area near the xnear is xname . it has a low customer rating and is n't family - friendly .

there is a 1 star coffee shop located near xnear called xname .

xname coffee shop is n't family - friendly , has a low customer rating and is near xnear in the riverside area .

xname is a 1 star coffee shop located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop . it is n't family - friendly , it is located near a xnear , and it is riverside . also , it has a low customer rating .

xname coffee shop caters to adults only located near xnear in the riverside area .

xname is a coffee shop located by xnear and the river . it has a one star rating .

xname is a coffee shop located by xnear in the city centre .

xname is a coffee shop for adults located near the xnear in the riverside area with low ratings .

a coffee shop with a 1 star rating is xname . it is not family - friendly . and is near xnear .

there is a kid - friendly coffee shop in riverside near xnear . it's called xname and has low customer ratings .

xname is a coffee shop that is family friendly near xnear in the riverside area . it also has a low customer rating .

xname is a children friendly restaurant providing coffee shop food with a low customer rating . it is located on the riverside near xnear .

low customer rating coffee shop in the riverside area near xnear is children friendly and named xname

xname is a low - rating , family - friendly , coffee shop located by the river near xnear .

a coffee shop named xname is located in the area of riverside near xnear . it had a low customer rating , but it is a family friendly place .

xname is a low rated kid - friendly coffee shop in riverside . it is near xnear .

if looking for a family friendly coffee shop consider going to the riverside near the xnear at the low rated xname .

there is a children friendly coffee shop in the riverside area near xnear . it is called xname , but has low customer ratings .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop next to xnear at the river side . it does not have good reviews .

in riverside near xnear there's a family friendly coffee shop called xname . it does have a low customer rating .

in riverside , near xnear , there is a coffee shop called xname . it has low ratings but it is family friendly .

xname coffee shop is family friendly but has a low rating . it is in riverside near xnear .

located near xnear in the riverside area is a family - friendly coffee shop . xname has a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area , located near xnear . though it is family - friendly , customer ratings are low .

xname is a coffee shop that is family friendly near xnear in the riverside area . it also has a low customer rating .

a family friendly coffee shop in riverside is xname . it is near xnear and has a low customer rating .

there is a children friendly , low customer rating coffee shop xname located on the riverside near xnear .

xname located in the riverside area near xnear , children friendly coffee shop with a low customer rating

a low rating family friendly coffee shop named xname is on the riverside near xnear .

a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area is xname . customers give it a low rating . it is located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that is family friendly . it is near xnear and in the are riverside . it is rated as low .

xname is a children friendly coffee shop . it is in the riverside area near xnear , but has low customer ratings .

near xnear at riverside is a coffee shop called xname . it is family friendly but has low reviews .

there is a coffee shop xname that serves chinese food near xnear which is child friendly and has a rating 1 out of 5 stars .

xname may have a 1 out of 5 rating but it is the only chinese food coffee shop this close to xnear that is also kid friendly

xname coffee shop serves chinese food and is a child friendly venue near xnear . it has poor customer ratings .

xname provide chinese food in a coffee shop setting . the establishment is children friendly . you can find xname near xnear . 1 out of 5 customer rating .

xname with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 is a coffee shop and chinese that is child friendly . it is located near xnear .

near xnear is xname . it is a coffee shop serving chinese food . a 1 out of 5 rating that is also kid friendly .

xname coffee shop suffers from poor customer ratings but provides a child friendly venue serving chinese food near xnear

xname is a chinese coffee shop located near xnear . it is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname are a coffee shop providing chinese food . this establishment is kids friendly . located near xnear . currently 1 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near xnear . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

there is a children friendly coffee shop and chinese near xnear called xname . it has a customer rating 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese . the rating is a 1 out of 5 , but it is kid friendly . located near xnear .

xname is a chinese coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is kid friendly and is located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near xnear . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

xname is a chinese coffee shop near xnear . it is kid friendly and has a rating of 3 our of 5 .

xname coffee shop serves chinese food . it is located near xnear and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is also kid - friendly .

there is a kid - friendly coffee shop called xname serving chinese food located near xnear . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

near xnear is 3 out of 5 customer rated , kid friendly chinese coffee shop named xname .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near xnear . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

xname coffee shop , near xnear serves chinese food . it is rated 5 out of 5 , but is not family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near xnear . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near xnear . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

for chinese food rated 5 out of 5 , try xname coffee shop near xnear . unfortunately it is not family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near xnear . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

xname coffee shop near xnear offers chinese cuisine . it is family friendly and is rated a 5 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near xnear . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

xname coffee shop offers great chinese food and is rated a 5 out of 5 . xname is located near xnear and is family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near xnear . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food ; it is not family friendly , has an average customer rating , and is located near xnear .

xname , a chinese coffee shop , near xnear , is not family - friendly and is rated as average .

xname is a coffee shop that also has chinese food , located near xnear . it is not family friendly , and has an average customer rating .

xname is a child free , coffee shop and a chinese restaurant near xnear .

near xnear , xname , a chinese coffee shop , is rated as average and is not family - friendly .

xname is a coffee shop that is chinese and the customer rating is average and it is not family friendly . it is near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop , providing chinese food . it is family friendly and has been awarded an average customer rating . you will find this coffee shop near xnear .

a coffee shop which offers chinese , xname is located near xnear . with its average rating , it is ideal for family and friends .

xname is a family friendly , average rated coffee shop that serves chinese . it is located near xnear .

xname is a family - friendly chinese restaurant and coffee shop with average ratings . it's near xnear .

xname , a chinese take out , is a coffee shop . it receives average ratings , is family friendly , and is part of xnear .

xname , a coffee shop near xnear , serves chinese in a family friendly environment but has an average customer rating .

xname is a chinese coffee shop with a customer rating average . it is located near xnear and is children friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

an average rated coffee shop , xname , does not serve chinese food , but it is family friendly and is situated near xnear .

near xnear , xname is a coffee shop which provides chinese . it is family - friendly , with its average customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

xname serves chinese food and coffee . it's rated average , welcomes families , and is located near xnear .

a chinese coffee shop that is children friendly is located near xnear . it is called xname and has an average customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near xnear . its customer rating is high .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near xnear . its customer rating is high .

xname is a highly rated kid friendly chinese coffee shop near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear that serves chinese . they have a high customer rating and are family friendly .

xname is a chinese coffee with a high customer rating that is kid friendly and near xnear .

xname is a child friendly coffee shop located near xnear with high customer ratings . it serves chinese food .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food rated with a high rating . the venue is kid friendly and is located near xnear .

xname coffee shop serves chinese food . it has a high customer rating and is kid friendly . it is near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear that serves chinese food . it has very high customer ratings and is child friendly .

there is a highly rated chinese coffee shop near xnear called xname . it is kid friendly .

for a kid friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating that also serves chinese food try xname near xnear .

near xnear is a family friendly coffee shop named xname with a high customer rating that serves chinese .

xname is a caf located near xnear . it serves chinese food and has a lower than average rating . children not welcome .

xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food near xnear . it has a low customer rating and is not family friendly .

near xnear is a coffee shop called xname that serves chinese food . it is not family friendly and has had low customer ratings .

xname near xnear is not family friendly . they do sell chinese food but have a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear that sells chinese food . it has a low customer rating and is not family friendly .

located near xnear , xname offers chinese food in a coffee shop environment . it has a low rating and is not family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop located near xnear offering chinese food , but it has low customer ratings and is not family friendly .

coffee shop xname serves chinese cuisine and is near xnear . it is family friendly but has poor customer reviews .

there is a coffee shop near xnear that serves chinese food , xname . it is family friendly and has a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near xnear . its customer rating is low .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food near xnear , which is family friendly . it has a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food it is near xnear . its customer rating is low .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food . it is family friendly but has bad customer reviews . it is located near xnear .

there is a english coffee shop family friend and customers rate 1 out of 5 called xname located near by xnear

near to xnear you will find xname coffee shop . they serve english food and children are welcome . however it has a very low rating from other customers .

xname coffee shop , near xnear , has english food . it is kids friendly and is rated 1 out of 5 .

xname a coffee shop that serves english food . it allows children but has a very low rating . it is found near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that serves english food family friendly and customers rate 1 out of 5 located near xnear

with a 1 out of 5 star customer rating , there are far better coffee shops to go to that serve english food then xname near xnear which are also child friendly .

there is a child friendly coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating near xnear called xname .

a coffee shop , xname , near xnear has english food and is kid friendly ; rated 1 out of 5 .

xname is a restaurant with a 1 out of 5 star rating . it is a child friendly coffee shop near xnear .

near xnear is a child friendly coffee shop that serves english style food . it is called xname and customers rate it 1 out of 5 .

if you are ever near xnear , stay away from xname , and find yourself another coffee shop with better english food , because while it is kid friendly , it only has a 1 out of 5 start customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop that serves english style food . it is located near xnear and is child friendly . customers rate it 1 out of 5 .

near xnear , xname , a child friendly coffee shop serving english food , has a 3 out of 5 customer rating

xname , a child friendly coffee shop serving english food , has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is near xnear

there is a coffee shop called xname near xnear . it serves english food and has a 5 star rating but is not family - friendly .

xname is a coffee shop offering english food and rated 5 out of 5 , located by xnear .

by xnear is an english coffee shop xname , rated 5 out of 5 .

an english coffee shop by the name of xname is not family - friendly and is near xnear . it was given a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

an english coffee shop by the name of xname is not family - friendly and is near xnear . it was given a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

near xnear there is a coffee shop , serving english food , rated 5 out of 5 called xname . it is not family - friendly .

xname is a coffee shop that is high rated , family friendly , and near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop for families that is high rated and near xnear .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop that is located next to xnear .

an english food coffee shop named xname is located near xnear .

xname is a family friendly english coffee shop located near xnear , and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

an english coffee shop called xname is family friendly , is located near xnear and is rated 5 out of 5 .

xname coffee shop serves english food , is family friendly , is near xnear and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop that provides english food and is family friendly and near xnear with a customer rating 5 out of 5 .

xname coffee shop is a 5 star family friendly spot by xnear .

xname is an english food coffee shop located near xnear .

across from xnear is a family 5 star coffee shop called xname .

xname serves english food . it has is an average customer rating but is not a family - friendly venue . it is a coffee shop near xnear .

there is an average rated coffee shop xname located near xnear . it serves english food and is not family - friendly .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear with an average customer rating serving english food . it is not a family - friendly venue .

xname is an average rated coffee shop that serves english food . it is located near xnear and is not family - friendly .

xname , a coffee shop serving english food in a family friendly atmosphere is near xnear . it has an average customer rating .

close to xnear there is a coffee shop xname that provides english . it is children friendly and has an average customer rating .

xname is an english food . it located near xnear . it's a coffee shop . it's children friendly . its customer rating is average .

xname coffee shop is a family pub near xnear . 3 out of 5 stars .

by xnear is xname . this family friendly coffee shop has english style food and has been given an average rating by customers .

xname is a english food place with a average customer rating near xnear . it is a children friendly coffee shop .

xname coffee shop serves traditional british food . it is located close to xnear . it is family friendly .

a family - friendly coffee shop is xname , it is near xnear .

xname is an english food . it located near xnear . it's a coffee shop . it's children friendly . its customer rating is average .

xname is a 3 star coffee shop serving british food . it is family friendly and is located near xnear .

there is coffee shop called xname near xnear with a average customer rating . it is children friendly with english food .

english food served in a family friendly environment and near xnear is xname , a coffee shop that has an average customer rating .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop that offers average english food , and is located near xnear .

near xnear is xname coffee shop . it serves english food , is family friendly and has an average customer rating .

xname is a family - friendly coffee shop located close to xnear .

xname is a family coffee shop passing xnear . the quality is nice .

xname is a children friendly coffee shop close to xnear . it has an average customer rating and they provide english .

rated high by its customers , xname is a kid friendly coffee shop located by xnear .

xname is a child friendly coffee shop that serves english food . it near xname and has a high customer rating .

near xnear , a coffee shop named xname serves english food . they have a high customer rating and are child friendly to boot .

xname is a child - friendly english coffee shop with a high rating near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop serving english food located near xnear . they are child friendly and have a high customer rating .

with a high customer rating , xname is a kid friendly coffee shop near xnear . it serves english food .

the coffee shop near xnear is kid friendly and has a high customer rating . it is called xname and serves english food .

there is a child - friendly english coffee shop with high ratings near xnear called xname .

xname is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves english food and has a high customer rating . it can be found near xnear .

xname is a kid friendly coffee shop near xnear . it boasts a high customer rating and serves english food .

a kid friendly coffee shop located near xnear is xname . it has a high customer rating .

a coffee shop with a high customer rating that serves english food is in near xnear . it's called xname and it's kid - friendly .

xname near xnear is a coffee shop providing english food . they are rated low and not family - friendly .

xname is not a family - friendly coffee shop near xnear . it has low customer ratings but they serve english food .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear providing english food with a low rating . they are not family - friendly .

there is a low customer rating coffee shop xname near xnear . it is not a family - friendly restaurant but they serve english food .

xname coffee shop is next to xnear and is adult only

families with children are welcome at xname coffee shop , which serves poor - quality english food . it is located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that serves english food near xnear . they are not family friendly and they are rated 1 out 5 .

near xnear is xname coffee shop . they serve english food . they are rated 1 out 5 and are not family friendly .

xname coffee shop , located near xnear , serves poor - quality english food . families with children are welcome .

xname family friendly coffee shop near xnear serves english food , has low customer rating .

a low rated , family friendly coffee shop near to xnear is called xname and it go english food .

xname coffee shop serves english food , is family friendly located near xnear yet a low rating .

xname , located near xnear is a coffee shop that serves breakfast .

xname is a family - friendly coffee shop located near xnear .

xname coffee shop is located near xnear and serves breakfast .

xname is a coffee shop that serves english food . this is a family friendly shop that is located near xnear and has a low customer rating .

xname is located near xnear . it is family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop located near xnear . it has a one star ranking and is family friendly .

located near xnear , xname is a coffee shop that serves english food . this is a family friendly shop that had a low customer rating .

xname is in the riverside area near xnear . it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname at the riverside near xnear , which has customer rating 1 out of 5 , is children friendly .

xname , near xnear in the riverside , has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 but is child friendly .

near xnear is a riverside , kids - friendly restaurant , called xname . it is rated 1 out of 5 by customers .

rated just 1 out of 5 , the family friendly xname is located in riverside near xnear .

located riverside , near xnear , is xname , with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , and is children friendly .

a kids friendly restaurant , xname , has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located near xnear

rated 1 out of 5 . xname is near xnear . yes it is kid friendly .

in riverside near xnear there is a place called xname . it is kid friendly but only has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

near xnear is a family friendly coffee shop that received a customer rating of 1 out of 5 that is located at riverside , called xname .

located in riverside , near xnear , xname is a child friendly location with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname has a low rating but is child friendly , located near xnear in the riverside .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop near xnear at riverside that earned a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a child friendly restaurant located near xnear in the riverside area with a rating of one out of five .

at the riverside near xnear is xname with customer rating 1 out of 5 and it is children friendly .

xname is a child friendly eatery situated in riverside near xnear . it is rated 1 out of 5 by its customers .

set by the riverside , near xnear is xname . family friendly with a great rating .

xname , rated 1 out of 5 , is kid friendly , near xnear in riverside .

near xnear is xname which is located by a riverside . it has the customer rating of 1 out of 5and is kids - friendly .

xname is children friendly and situated near xnear near riverside . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

a place named xname is a kid friendly place near the riverside near xnear with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

a family friendly place called xname located at the riverside near xnear and a family friendly place has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname with its great rating is welcoming to families . near xnear , set by the riverside .

on the riverside near xnear is xname , a kid friendly location with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a kid friendly place in riverside near xnear , but it only has a 1 out of 5 rating .

located at the riverside near xnear , xname has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and a family friendly place .

xname , located riverside near xnear , is children friendly , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

in the riverside area you will find xname , near xnear .

xname is a kid friendly area in riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 near xnear .

xname is an okay restaurant located on the river by xnear . they welcome youngsters .

xname is a child friendly riverside restaurant with a 3 star rating . it is located near the xnear .

xname at the riverside is kids friendly . it is near xnear and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is rated 3 out of 5 in customer satisfaction , with a child friendly atmosphere . located near xnear in the riverside area .

a kid friendly place with a rating if 3 out of 5 near xnear in riverside is called xname

xname is a children - friendly restaurant in riverside , near xnear . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname at riverside is child friendly . it has decent reviews and is near xnear .

xname is child friendly , with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . we are located near xnear in the riverside area .

xname is a children - friendly restaurant near xnear in riverside . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

near xnear in the riverside area is a new restaurant named xname . yes it is child friendly and has a 3 out 5 rating with its customers .

near xnear is xname at the riverside . it is kids friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

by the riverside . there is xname is a 3 out of 5 venue near xnear , with a a children - friendly ambient .

near xnear is a child friendly place called xname with ok reviews at riverside .

xname is a kids friendly establishment in the riverside area , located near xnear . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname , in the riverside area near xnear , has a 3 out of 5 rating and yes it is children - friendly .

located at the riverside near by xnear , xname is a family friendly and customers rate 3 out of 5

xname in riverside is kids - friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 near xnear .

xname , a child - friendly restaurant , is riverside and has a 3 out of 5 rating . it is located near xnear .

xname in riverside near xnear is kids - friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

near xnear , by the river , is xname . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 but it is child friendly .

located near xnear , xname is in the riverside area . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid - friendly .

if you are looking for a kids friendly place , try xname , in the riverside area . it is located near xnear and it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

located near xnear , xname is found on the riverside and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is also kid friendly .

an average , child welcoming eatery located by xnear is named xname . it is near the water .

there is a place called xname that seems to be a xnear is 5out of 5 and its in the centre of the city , this is not for kids

xname is a restaurant located near xnear in the city centre . it is popular with customers but is not child friendly .

xname is in the city centre near to xnear . its not family - friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5

near xnear , in the city centre is a popular restaurant called xname . it is not suitable for families .

xname is in the city centre near to xnear . its not family - friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5

family - friendly xname located near xnear in the city centre has received excellent customer rating .

xname is highly - rated , family - friendly establishment in the city centre near xnear .

xname is a family - friendly place that can be found in the city centre close to xnear . customers have rated it very high .

xname is a family - friendly establishment with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it is located in the city centre near xnear .

xname , near xnear on the riverside , is very highly rated . it is not family - friendly .

near xnear in the riverside , xname , although not family - friendly , has a good customer rating 5 out of 5 .

with a high rating 5 out of 5 , xname is not a family - friendly restaurant that is situated near xnear in the riverside

xname is situated on the riverside near xnear . its customers rate it very highly - 5 out of 5 . however , no , it is not family - friendly .

xname has an unbeatable customer rating of 5 out of 5 . situated on the riverside near xnear , it is a no for families .

xname is adults only and it has very good reviews . it is located on the riverside close to xnear .

xname near xnear is located on the riverside . it is children friendly . the customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

xname near xnear is children friendly . it is located on the riverside . the customer rating is 5 out 5 .

there is a child - friendly location named xname in riverside near xnear with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is a child friendly place with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . it can be located on the riverside near xnear .

located near xnear on the riverside , xname has a 5 out of 5 rating and is family friendly .

bring your children down to xname . noted for it's 5 out of 5 rating . located riverside near xnear .

xname is a family friendly restaurant located on the riverside near xnear . customers rate xname 5 out of 5 .

family dinner night would n't be complete without a riverside view at xname . located near xnear . xname has a 5 out of 5 rating from satisfied customers .

xname , a riverside restaurant , is child - friendly , and is located near the xnear .

xname has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it is a family - friendly venue located near xnear by the river .

on the riverside near xnear you can find a child friendly place called xname with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

riverside and family friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 you will find xname located near xnear .

5 out of 5 for xname with its family friendly nature and riverside location . it can be found near xnear

located near xnear on the riverside , xname is a family friendly restaurant . customers rate xname 5 out of 5 .

the child - friendly location xname is located near xnear in riverside and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is a child - friendly riverside restaurant with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . it is located near the xnear .

xname is a family friendly near xnear . located in riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is a kid friendly place in riverside near xnear . it has high ratings .

in riverside is xname near xnear . it's kid friendly and received 5 out of 5 .

near xnear you will find the customer rated 5 out of 5 , family friendly , xname . it is located near riverside .

riverside offers a yes to family friendly atmosphere restaurant called xname located near xnear receives 5 out of 5 stars .

xname is family friendly with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . it is located near xnear in the riverside area .

xname is in riverside near xnear . it is children friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

xname received 5 out of 5 rating . it is in riverside near xnear and is kid friendly .

xname is an average restaurant that serves food in an adult environment near xnear in the city centre .

xname is an establishment located near xnear , in the city centre . children are not permitted . ratings are average .

xname is an average rated establishment located near xnear , in the city centre . children are not permitted .

xname is a restaurant in the city centre , near xnear . it is not a family - friendly restaurant and has average ratings .

xname is located in the city centre near xnear with a good family - friendly atmosphere with an average customer rating .

xname is located in the city centre near xnear with a good family - friendly atmosphere with an average customer rating .

xname is a family - friendly venue that has been rated average by customers . it is located in the city centre near xnear .

xname is located in the city centre near xnear . it is family - friendly and has an average customer rating .

xname has an average customer rating , is family - friendly , and is located in the city centre near xnear

xname , located in the city centre near xnear , is a family - friendly venue that was been rated average in customer ratings .

xname is a venue in riverside near xnear . they have an average customer rating . it is not a good place to take children .

with an average customer rating xname is located near xnear in the riverside area . xname is not family - friendly .

xname is located near xnear in the riverside area . they are not family - friendly . they have an average customer rating .

xname is average . it is on the riverside next to the xnear , no family place .

the xnear is on the riverside where xname sits . no families .

there is a venue in riverside called xname . it is located near xnear . they are n't family - friendly . their ratings are average .

xname in the riverside area near to the xnear is a place friendly for family . the customer rating is an average .

xname is located in the riverside area near to the xnear . it is friendly for family and the customer rating is an average .

xname is in the riverside area near xnear which is family friendly and has an average customer rating .

xname in riverside is family friendly . it is near xnear and customers think its average .

xname is kid friendly and located near xnear in the riverside area . customer rating is average

children friendly xname near xnear in the riverside area has average customer ratings .

one child friendly place , xname , has an average rating . it is near xnear in the riverside area .

xname is located in the riverside area near xnear and has attained an average customer rating and is child - friendly .

xname near xnear is children friendly in the riverside area with average customer ratings .

xname is a family friendly establishment with an average customer rating . it is located on the riverside , near to xnear .

xname is average and yes the xnear in riverside is known to be family friendly .

xname is a family friendly place riverside near xnear . it has an average customer rating .

xname is children friendly . its customer rating is average . its near xnear over by riverside .

xname is near xnear in the riverside area . it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .

xname serves average food , it is family friendly and is located in the riverside area , near xnear .

there is a family friendly restaurant called xname in the riverside area near xnear . customer ratings were average for the restaurant .

xname , located in the riverside area near xnear , is child - friendly and has received an average customer rating .

xname is near the riverside and xnear . it is children friendly and their customer rating is average .

xname is over by xnear . it is kid friendly and has a customer rating of average .

xname is located on the riverside , in close proximity to xnear . the establishment is family friendly and has an average customer rating .

here is a caf called xname , located near xnear , in the riverside region .

xname is located in the riverside area and is near xnear . it is child friendly and customers rated it average .

xname is children friendly and located near xnear in riverside . it has an average customer rating .

by xnear and the river side is xname . it is children friendly and their customer rating is average .

located near xnear in a riverside area , xname is family friendly with an average customer rating .

xname is located in riverside near xnear . it is children friendly and has an average customer rating .

xname is a child - friendly caf at the riverside near xnear . it has an average customer rating .

near xnear in the riverside area , there is a family friendly restaurant called xname which has an average customer rating .

in the riverside area near xnear you'll find xname . xname is family friendly restaurant with average food .

near to xnear , xname is a kids friendly venue with a high customer rating

located near xnear is xname , a restaurant along the riverside with a high customer rating and is also kids friendly .

xname is a high - rated , family place located by the river , near xnear .

near the xnear there is a highly rated riverside kids restaurant called xname .

xname is a highly rated kids friendly venue on the riverside near xnear

xname in riverside area , is near xnear , it is kids - friendly and has a high customer rating .

xname which is near xnear in riverside has a customer rating of high it is also children friendly .

a kid friendly place is xname and is close to xnear .

xname has a high customer rating . it is a kid - friendly venue and is located near xnear by the riverside .

near xnear in riverside with a customer rating of high and is children friendly is xname .

near xnear , xname is a child - friendly riverside venue that gets high customer ratings .

with a high customer rating , xname is a riverside restaurant with a high customer rating located near xnear .

xname is a highly rated children friendly eatery in the riverside area . it is near xnear .

xname is highly rated by customers . its located by the riverside near xnear . its child friendly .

xname is located in the riverside area near xnear . it has a high customer rating is kids friendly .

xname has high customer ratings , is kid friendly and is in riverside near xnear .

xname is located at the riverside , near xnear . it has a high customer rating and it is kids - friendly .

there is a great place for the whole family . it is called xname . you can find it in the riverside district close to xnear .

in riverside near xnear , xname has a high customer rating and is kid friendly .

xname is highly rated and kid friendly , located riverside near xnear .

located on the riverside near xnear , xname has a high customer rating and is children friendly .

high customer ratings , children friendly . xname , near xnear , located in the riverside area .

near xnear in the riverside area is xname . it has a high customer rating and is children friendly .

located near xnear in a riverside area , xname is child - friendly and gets high customer ratings .

xname is a child friendly , riverside restaurant near xnear with a high customer rating .

xname , near xnear by the riverside is highly rated and child friendly .

children friendly , xname , has high customer rating . it's near xnear , in riverside .

xname is a kid - friendly venue situated near xnear in the riverside area . it has a high customer rating .

xname has a high rating , is near xnear and is kid friendly .

xname is a non family - friendly restaurant located in the centre of the city near xnear .

near xnear in the city centre , xname has low ratings and is not family - friendly .

xname is a restaurant that is located near xnear in city centre . the customer rating is low and it is not family - friendly .

xname restaurant near xnear at the city center has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .

xname is a restaurant that is not friendly to families and has low customer ratings . it is located in the center of the city near xnear .

not family - friendly , xname , located near xnear in the city centre , has low ratings .

xname is family - friendly located near xnear in city centre . it has a low customer rating .

near xnear in the city centre is a low rated family - friendly restaurant called xname .

xname is a low rated family - friendly restaurant near xnear in the city centre .

the low customer rating , family - friendly establishment named xname is near the city centre and near xnear .

xname is family - friendly , near xnear near the city centre and has a low customer rating .

xname is located near xnear in city centre . it is family - friendly with low customer rating .

xname is located near xnear and is not family friendly .

xname is in riverside near xnear and is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating

xname is one - star and not family friendly . it is located near xnear .

a restaurant that is located in riverside near xnear is xname . it is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .

xname is located at the riverside near xnear . it has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .

xname near xnear is a low - quality , non family friendly place .

near xnear at the riverside is the low rated , non family - friendly restaurant xname .

near xnear in riverside is xname . this is non family - friendly and has a low customer rating .

xnear is located in the city centre in xname

xname , just off the river by xnear , is a poor choice of a place to take a family .

in xname in the city centre there is xnear

xname is a family friendly venue on the riverside near the xnear , it has a low customer rating .

near xnear by the river is xname , a child friendly place with a low customer rating .

near xnear , there is an establishment known as xname . it is family friendly and has a low customer rating . it is located on the riverside .

family friendly xname has a low customer rating and is located riverside near xnear .

near xnear xname has a low customer rating , children friendly by the riverside area .

xname is in the riverside area near xnear and is children friendly

there is a low end child friendly restaurant located in riverside near xnear . it is called xname .

although rated low xname , near xnear , is child friendly and by the river .

near xnear with a low customer rating is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area called xname .

kid friendly and located riverside near xnear , xname has a low customer rating .

a family friendly restaurant near xnear by the riverside is xname but it ranks low

xname has a customer rating that is low but is family friendly . it is in riverside near xnear

xname is a lovely place near xnear in the area of riverside with nice clientele

xname is children friendly in the riverside area near xnear

xname is a family friendly establishment . it is located near xnear on the riverside . the customer rating is low .

xname is a family friendly restaurant near xnear in the riverside area with a low customer rating .

near xnear by the riverside , there is a family friendly low rated restaurant called xname .

xname is a lesser known eatery on the riverside , close to xnear and welcomes diners with children .

near xnear with a low customer rating xname is children friendly by the riverside area .

on the riverside , near to xnear , is a restaurant called xname . it's quite new so customer ratings are low but it is very child friendly .

xname is a family friendly restaurant with low customer ratings . it is located on the riverside near xnear .

xname is a family friendly restaurant near xnear in the riverside area but it has a low rating .

xname is a family - friendly restaurant situated by the riverside , near xnear . its customer ratings are low .

xname has a low customer rating but is family friendly . it is in riverside near xnear

there is a coffee shop called xname that provides chinese food in the price range of  20 -  25 it is in the city centre near xnear and is n't kids friends .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food for a price range  20 - 25 . it is located in the city center . , close to xnear , is not children friendly , and has a high customer rating .

xname is a caf that has received high reviews for its chinese food . leave the kids at home to enjoy a meal for  20 - 25 . located in the centre of the city near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food in the  20 -  25 price range . it has a high customer rating and is not kid friendly . it is located in the centre of the city near xnear .

enjoy highly rated chinese dishes for  20 - 25 . xname is a coffee shop located downtown near xnear . it is not oriented toward family dining .

located in the city center . near xnear , xname serves coffee and chinese food for a price range of  20 - 25 . it is a non children friendly area and it has a high customer rating .

xname is a highly rated coffee shop located in the city centre near xnear . it provides chinese food in the  20 -  25 price range and is not kid friendly .

xname , a kid friendly restaurant in the city centre near xnear offers highly rated coffee and chinese food at a good price .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is high .

go to the city centre near xnear and you will find xname , a highly rated , kid friendly , affordable restaurant that offers coffee and chinese food .

if you are looking for a coffee shop , try xname it offers chines food and has an average price range with a high customer rating . it is located near the xnear in the city centre and it is kid friendly

xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food the price range is average with high customer rating . located in the city centre and it is kid friendly since it is near a xnear .

coffee shop and chinese , xname , is near xnear in riverside . with a price range of  20 - 25 and a high customer rating . children not allowed .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food , located in riverside near xnear , with high customer rating and price range  20 - 25 , it's no children friendly .

xname , coffee shop and chinese , is near xnear in riverside . children not allowed . high customer rating and price range  20 - 25 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is high .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is high .

xname coffee shop serves chinese food , with high customer rating and price range  20 - 25 , it's no children friendly and is located in riverside near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is high .

xname is a child friendly coffee shop on the riverside . if you are hungry you can eat their chinese food for  20 -  25 . it gets a high customer rating and is suitable for kids . find it located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop which also does chinese food . it has a high customer rating and you can expect to spend  20 -  25 . it is child friendly and gets a high customer rating . you can find it on the riverside near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is high .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is high .

there is a coffee shop called xname providing chinese food located in the city centre near xnear with 5 out of 5 customer rating and it's price range is cheap , but it is not family friendly .

coffee shop xname in city centre near xnear provides low price chinese food with customer rating 5 out of 5 . it is not family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre near xnear that provides chinese food which has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and the price range is cheap . it is not family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop where you can eat chinese food very cheaply . this family friendly , city centre , coffee shop which is near xnear has a top quality customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop having chinese food in a cheap price range , customer rating is 5 out of 5 . located in city centre near xnear and no family friendly .

xname is a highly rated , yet cheap coffee shop near xnear and the city center . that serves chinese . this establishment is suitable for adult guests .

xname is a highly recommended and inexpensive , adult - only coffee shop that serves chinese . it is located near xnear in the center . of town .

for great chinese food in a family - friendly coffee shop setting , xname in city centre near the xnear is a good bet .

xname coffee shop specializes in providing chinese food at cheap prices while garnering a customer service rating of 5 out of 5 , located in the city centre , xname is family friendly and is near the xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food with a cheap price range , a 5 out 5 star customer rating , and is also kid friendly located near xnear in the city centre .

xname coffee shop serves chinese food at a cheap price while providing excellence in customer service rating 5 out of 5 , located in the city centre this family friendly coffee shop is located right near xnear .

there is a cheap coffee shop named xname located in the city centre near the xnear . this family friendly establishment serving chinese food has a rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is a chinese food restaurant and coffee shop located near xnear in the city centre , it has 5 out of 5 star customer ratings , a cheap price range , and is kid friendly .

located in the city centre near xnear and rated 5 out of 5 , family friendly xname serves chinese food for cheap .

there is a coffee shop called xname that has chinese food . they have a rating of 5 out of 5 and have cheap food options . they are on the riverside near xnear . however , they do not allow children .

on the riverside , near xnear , you will find xname . it is a cheap , non family - friendly coffee shop that also serves chinese food . it has an excellent customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname can be found in the riverside area near xnear . it has excellent customer reviews despite the fact that it is not family friendly . it serves cheap chinese food in a coffee shop setting .

xname is a coffee shop that serves cheap chinese food . it is cheap and has excellent reviews but is not family friendly . it can be found in the riverside area near xnear .

xname is a chinese food coffee shop with inexpensive food . although they do not allow children , they do have a high customer rating . they are near the riverside by xnear .

xname is an excellent , non family - friendly coffee shop that also serves chinese food . it is situated on the riverside , near xnear , and has quite cheap prices . it is a customer - favourite with a rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname , located in the riverside near xnear , provides 5 out of 5 star rating cheap chinese food and coffee .

located riverside , near xnear , is the cheap coffee shop , xname . chinese food is served there and it is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a chinese coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating . it is located in riverside and is family friendly it is by xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food in the low price range with a high rating . it is family friendly located in riverside near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop which serves chinese food . it is cheaply priced , family friendly , and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it is located riverside near xnear .

xname coffee shop provides cheap and cheerful chinese food . it is located in the city centre near xnear . it has average customer ratings and is not family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

for chinese food in the city centre on a budget , you could try xname coffee shop . it has average customer ratings and is not family friendly . near xnear .

xname is a cheap coffee shop serving chinese food with okay reviews . it is located in the city centre near xnear and is family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food at low prices . it is okay and is located in the city centre . it is family friendly and is near to xnear .

for a central family friendly venue serving cheap chinese food , try xname coffee shop . it has average customer ratings and is near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

xname coffee shop is in the city centre near xnear . it serves cheap chinese food and is family friendly with average customer ratings .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the city centre , near xnear . it is family friendly and has a cheap price range and average customer rating .

near riverside by the xnear , is a coffee shop style chinese place called xname , it's cheap and the ratings are average , they are n't however family friendly .

xname coffee shop serves cheap chinese food . it has an average customer rating and is located on the riverside . it is not family friendly and is near xnear .

there is a cheap chinese coffee with an average customer rating in the riverside area near xnear . it is called xname and is not child friendly .

xname is not a family friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food in the riverside area near the xnear that offers cheap food with an average customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop type chinese food place , it's cheap and has average customer ratings , it's not family friendly but is located near xnear in riverside .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food for a low price , has an average customer rating , is not family friendly , and is in the riverside area near the xnear .

xname is a chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near xnear . i is not child friendly . it is cheap and has a high customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the riverside area near to xnear . it's cheap and family friendly with an average customer rating .

there's a cheap , family friendly coffee shop called xname near to xnear in the riverside area . it serves chinese food and has an average customer rating .

xname coffee shop serves cheap chinese food with an average customer rating and is located near xnear on the riverside and is family friendly

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

xname , a coffee shop , sells chinese food with a high price range and a 1 out of 5 rating . it is location in the city centre near xnear and is n't child friendly .

xname is in the city centre near xnear but it is not children friendly . it is a coffee shop that sells chinese food and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

a coffee shop called xname sells chinese food in is location in the city centre near xnear . this place is n't child friendly and it has with a high price with and a 1 out of 5 rating .

xname is a coffee shop which offers chinese food and has a high price range . the customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is not children friendly . it is located near xnear . it is located in city centre

xname is a coffee shop that has chinese food , its price range is high , and its customer rating 1 out of 5 , it is in the city centre and no do n't bring your kids and its near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that serves expensive chinese food . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is in the city centre near xnear but it is not children friendly .

in the city centre near to xnear is xname chinese coffee shop , it has bad customer ratings but it is child friendly .

delicious chinese food offered at xname is located center . city next to xnear . offering up delicious cuisine in the upper range price , xname is child friendly . rated a 1 out of 5 rating , this place will please even the pickiest eaters .

a coffee shop serving chinese food in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 but is child friendly is xname , located near xnear in city centre .

as a coffee shop also offering up chinese food , xname is a wonderful play to visit . priced in the higher range , customers have given this restaurant a 1 out of 5 rating . located near the center . of the city , children are welcome here and xname offers a menu that they would also enjoy . located near xnear , xname should be on everyone's list as a place to try .

xname is a coffee shop service chinese food in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , but is child friendly , near xnear in city centre .

xname coffee shop with high price range with chinese food is near xnear .

the high priced chinese coffee shop xname , is based in the riverside area near to the xnear . it is not child friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

in the riverside area near the xnear there is a non child friendly coffee shop . xname serves chinese food in a high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food . it is not kid friendly and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating . it is located by xnear in the riverside area .

xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food . it is in the high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is located by the riverside , near a xnear . it is not children friendly .

xname is a non - child friendly coffee shop near xnear in the riverside area that serves chinese food . it has a high price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a highly priced adult only coffee shop that offers chinese food . it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is located by xnear in the riverside area .

xname is a coffee shop for adults , located on the riverside . it serves chinese food at a high price . customers rate it as 1 out of 5 . it is near a xnear .

xname is a high - priced coffee shop near the xnear in riverside . xname offers coffee and chinese food ; it is child friendly and has a low customer rating .

xname is a 1 out of 5 coffee shop that serves chinese food in the high price range . xname is situated at the riverside near xnear . xname is child friendly .

a child friendly chinese coffee shop called xname , has a rating of 1 out of 5 , with a high price range and is located riverside , near xnear .

xname is a high priced coffee shop that is located in riverside near the xnear . it is child friendly and has chinese food .

if you like chinese food , there is a coffee shop called xname that has it . they charge higher prices and have a rating of 1 out of 5 . they are family friendly and are located on the riverside near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop which serves chinese food at a high price . xname has a 1 out of 5 rating but it is by xnear at the riverside . the coffee shop is child friendly ,

xname is a coffee chop with chinese food . they have higher prices and a rating of 1 out of 5 . they are along the riverside near xnear and allow children .

xname is an adults only coffee shop in the city centre . also offers chinese food . the prices are high and the customer satisfaction is average . located near xnear .

xname coffee shop near xnear has a high price range and an average customer rating .

xname is a non - child friendly chinese coffee shop with an average customer rating . they have a high price range and are in the city centre area nearby xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese . it has an average customer rating and a high price range . it is not child friendly and you can find it in the city centre near xnear .

xname coffee shop serving chinese food near xnear is not children friendly has and average customer rating .

xname is a chinese coffee shop in the city centre area nearby xnear . they have an average customer rating , a high price range , and are not child - friendly .

in the city centre near xnear , there is a coffee shop called xname . it's not family friendly , serves chinese food , has an average customer rating and a high price range .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

there's a children friendly coffee shop serving chinese food called xname which is in the high price range with an average customer rating . it's in the city centre near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the city centre near xnear . it's price range is high and has an average customer rating . it's suitable for children .

xname coffee shop serves chinese food in the high price range with an average customer rating in the city centre near xnear and is children friendly

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

xname coffee shop has a riverside location close to xnear . it is not family friendly and serves higher end chinese food .

xname is a chinese coffee shop in the riverside area , near xnear . their price range is high with an average customer rating , and it is not child friendly .

there is an expensive coffee shop xname , offering chinese food and is located at riverside near xnear . it is not child friendly and has an average rating .

xname is an expensive coffee shop offering chinese food and has an average rating . it is not children friendly and is located at riverside near xnear .

xname coffee shop , near xnear , serves high - end chinese food , it has a riverside location , average reviews and is not suitable for children

a coffee shop named xname is located by xnear in riverside . it serves expensive chinese food , is child friendly and has average customer reviews .

xname is a chinese coffee shop near xnear in riverside . it is high priced with an average rating .

xname is a high priced , average rated , kid friendly chinese coffee shop near xnear in riverside .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

xname is a chinese coffee shop located riverside near xnear . it is a child friendly restaurant that has a high price range and an average customer rating .

there is a coffee shop named xname that serves chinese food . it is expensive with average customer ratings and is child friendly . it is located near xnear in riverside .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese for under  20 . it has a low customer rating . it is located in the city center . it is not family friendly . it is near xnear .

xname coffee shop is family friendly , priced less than 20 british pounds , and located at city centre near xnear .

xname is a coffee chop providing chinese food for under  20 . its customer rating is low , it is located in the city center . and is not family friendly . it is near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is low .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is low .

tucked away at the city centre near xnear , xname coffee shop is family friendly and serves chinese food priced at less than 20 british pounds ,

xname is a low customer rated coffee shop that serves chinese food . you'll spend less than twenty dollars . it is family friendly and located in the city centre near xnear .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food with a price range of less than  20 and has a low customer rating . it is located near xnear in the center . of the city .

if you're looking for a family friendly coffee shop , xname just may be your spot . for less than twenty dollars , you get chinese food . the customer rating is low , but it is family friendly . xname is located in the city centre near xnear .

xname is in the center . of the city near xnear , and is family friendly with a low customer rating . it is a coffee shop which serves chinese food with a price range of less than  20 .

xname is a restaurant providing take - away deliveries in the low price range . it is located near xnear

xname , a family - friendly coffee shop near xnear in the city centre , serves inexpensive chinese food . complaints have been made about xname .

if you're in the riverside area and want to spend less than  20 at a poorly - reviewed coffee shop that serves chinese food , try xname . its near xnear and is not family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food . they are price ranged of less than  20 with a low customer rating . they are not family friendly and are located in the riverside near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop in located near xnear in the riverside area which also serves chinese food . it is not family friendly , has poor reviews and is not family - friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in a price range less than 20 pounds . it is located at the riverside , near xnear . the customer rating is low and it is not family friendly .

xname is a low - rated coffee shop in the riverside area , near xnear , serving chinese food priced under  20 . they are not family friendly .

there is a coffee shop xname located at the riverside , near xnear which has a price range less than 20 pounds . the customer rating is low and it is not family friendly .

there is a riverside coffee shop near xnear that serves chinese food for less than  20 , called xname . this venue has been given low ratings and does not accommodate families .

xname is a chinese coffee shop . they charge less than 20 pounds . xname has a low customer rating but is family friendly and located on the riverside near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop serves chinese food . located on the riverside near xnear . xname is also family friendly . the customer rating is low .

there is a low priced coffee shop serving chinese food xname in riverside , near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese foods . the price range is less than  20 . it's located near xnear and it's family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food for less than 20 pounds . they have a low customer rating . xname can be found along the riverside near xnear and it is family friendly .

there is a low rated , family friendly coffee shop xname serving chinese food near xnear .

xname coffee shop offers chinese food at moderate price range , has customer rating of 1 out of 5 in city centre , is not kid friendly and is near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop with chinese food in the city centre near xnear . it is not family friendly , has a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname coffee shop has chinese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 in city centre , is not kid friendly and is near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that also provides moderately priced chinese food . they are located in the city centre near the xnear . note that they are not child friendly , though . however , they are customer rated at 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

for moderately priced chinese food , there is xname . it is located in the city centre near the xnear . their customer rating is 1 out of 5 and it is not child friendly .

xname coffee shop chinese food is moderately price , but customer ratings show 1 out of 5 , located in city centre it is a kid friendly restaurant and is located near xnear .

1 out of 5 customer rated , mid priced family friendly chinese restaurant called xname is in the city center . , near xnear .

there is a chinese restaurant in the city center . called xname , it is situated near a xnear and is moderately priced and child friendly with a low customer rating .

xname coffee shop's chinese food , moderately priced , customer rating 1 out of 5 , located city centre , kid friendly , located near xnear .

xname , a coffee shop that serves moderately priced chinese food , is located in city centre near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop in the moderate price range . they serve chinese food at a moderate price . they are kid friendly and located in the city centre near xnear . xname is rated 1 of 5 .

there's a coffee shop called xname . they serve moderately priced chinese food . they're only rated 1 out of 5 but they are kid friendly . xname is located near xnear in the city centre .

xname is a chinese food coffee shop for adults and is not kid friendly . it got a 1 out of 5 stars rating for its moderately priced food . it is located in riverside near the xnear .

at the riverside near xnear is a coffee shop called xname . it serves moderate priced chinese food and is customer rated 1 out of 5 . it is not kid friendly .

xname is a coffee shop which serves moderate priced chinese food . it is located at the riverside near xnear but is customer rated 1 out of 5 and is n't kid friendly .

xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food with a moderate price range . it has a 1 out of 5 rating and is not kid friendly . it is located in riverside near the xnear .

xname is a moderately - priced chinese coffee - shop style restaurant . it is located near the xnear in the riverside area . it is not kid - friendly and receives low ratings .

xname is a chinese food coffee shop in riverside near the xnear . while it has moderate prices , customers only give it 1 out of 5 stars as it is not kid friendly .

near the xnear in the riverside area you will find xname . it is a coffee shop offering chinese food with a moderate price range . it is not kid friendly and only has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop with chinese food . price is moderate , but 1 out of 5 people like it . it's on a riverside , and it's near xnear

a restaurant named xname located in riverside near xnear , that provides moderate pricing and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

xname a coffee shop that serves chinese food that is located in the riverside area near xnear was rated a 1 out of 5 by their customers . xname is a kid friendly establishment and the pricing is moderate .

xname is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food . it is located in the city centre near to xnear , with a 3 out of 5 customer rating . it is not kids friendly .

xname is a not kids friendly chinese coffee shop located near xnear in city centre , with 3 out of 5 customer rating and moderate price range .

xname located in the city centre near xnear is not kid friendly , but has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 a coffee shop serving chinese cuisine with a moderate price range .

located in the city centre near xnear , xname is a chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and it is not kids friendly .

xname is a chinese coffee shop is in the moderate price range . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and it is not kids friendly . it is also located in the city centre near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the city centre area near xnear is not kid friendly .

there is a coffee shop near the xnear in the city centre called xname . it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating , no kids allowed and they serve chinese .

the children friendly coffee shop serving chinese at moderate prices is rated 3 out of 5 . they're called xname and are located in the city center . near xnear .

xname is located in the city centre near xnear . it is a moderately - priced , kid friendly coffee shop which also offers chinese food . it has a customer rating at 3 out of 5 .

there is a chinese food coffee shop called xname located in the center . of the city near xnear . it is kid friendly and is moderately priced with a 3 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

xname is a moderately priced , kid friendly coffee shop which also offers chinese food . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located in the city centre near xnear .

xname is a moderately priced kid friendly coffee shop that sells chinese food . it is located near a xnear in the center . of the city and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food with a moderate price . it is located near xnear along the riverside and is not kids friendly . it is rated 3 out of 5 .

xname coffee shop and chinese near xnear in the riverside area offers moderate prices with a 3 out of 5 rating , but is not kid friendly .

xname , rated at a 3 out of 5 and located on the riverside near xnear , is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food at a moderate price but is not a kid friendly place .

a coffee shop , xname , serves chinese food at a moderate price . it is rated 3 out of 5 , and is not kid friendly but is located by the xnear by the riverside .

there is a coffee shop , xname , serving chinese food along the riverside near xnear . it is not kids friendly and is moderately priced with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

though not kid friendly , xname is located near the xnear , in riverside area . this coffee shop has chinese food in a moderate price range and is rated 3 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food . the price range is moderate and rated a 3 out of 5 by customers . xname is not a kid friendly place but if you would like to try it , it is located by the riverside area near xnear .

xname is a chinese coffee shop with a moderate price range . it sells chinese food and has an overall customer rating of 3 out of 5 . this coffee shop is kids friendly , and can be found in the riverside area near xnear .

located in the riverside area , xname is a coffee shop that also sells chinese food . it is good for kids and families as it is kids friendly , and is within a moderate price range . this coffee shop has an overall customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it can be found near xnear in the riverside area .

xname is a kids friendly coffee shop with moderately priced chinese food . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars . it is on the riverside near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

xname is a 3 out of 5 stars chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range near the xnear by the riverside . it is kids friendly .

located in the city centre , near xnear , xname is a non children - friendly coffee shop which serves chinese food . it has a price range of more than  30 and high customer ratings .

xname is a coffee shop which serves chinese food costing more than 30 pounds . it has a high customer rating , and in the middle of town . it is not child friendly , however there is a xnear near by for their needs .

the chinese xname shop which is in the center . of town , does cost more than 30 pounds . xname does have a high customer rating even though not child friendly . there is a xnear nearby .

xname is this coffee shop , but it also has chinese food ranging from  30 and up with a high customer rating . it's not kid friendly and it's near xnear in the city centre .

xname is a coffee shop with chinese food . this establishment has earned a high customer rating . they charge more than 30 pounds . they are located in the city centre near xnear and are not family friendly .

a good choice for chinese food in the city centre is xname . this no children - friendly coffee shop has slightly high price range , but high customer ratings . it is located near xnear .

a highly - rated chinese establishment is xname . this coffee shop is centrally located , near xnear . they have a price range of over 30 pounds . please remember they do not allow children .

xname is a coffee shop which serves chinese food at a minimum cost of  30 . they have a high customer rating and are child friendly . you can find it near xnear in the city centre .

located near xnear , xname is a coffee shop styled joint that sells chinese food . this shop is known in the city centre for its high prices , family friendly atmosphere , and high ratings .

xname is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves chinese food . it is near xnear . the price range is more than  30 and it has a customer rating of high . it is child friendly .

xname is a coffee shop and chinese food is also available . high customer rating and food is high price range . located city center . near xnear

xname is a coffee shop and chinese food is also available . we have a high customer rating and food is high price range more than  30 . located city center . children friendly and near xnear

there is a coffee shop called xname that serves chinese food the price range is more than  30 and the customer rating is high . it is child friendly and is near xnear in the city centre

xname is a chinese coffee shop that has a high customer rating and a price range of more than  30 . it is not children friendly , and is in the riverside area near the xnear .

a chinese coffee shop , xname , is located in riverside near xnear . it is in the high price range , is rated high by customers , and is not child - friendly .

located near xnear is a coffee shop serving chinese food called xname . its price range is over  30 , reflected in its high customer rating . it is located on a picturesque riverside . it is not child friendly .

xname is a chinese coffee shop . it is expensive and has a high customer rating . it is n't kid friendly and near xnear .

xname , a chinese coffee shop in riverside near xnear , is in the high price range and is rated high by customers . it is not children - friendly .

xname is a chinese coffee shop in the riverside area near xnear . it has a high customer rating and a price range of more than  30 , but is not children friendly .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food with a price range of over  30 . the customer rating is high and it's located on a nice riverside . it is n't child - friendly and is located near xnear .

near the river there is a coffee shop called xname . it is highly recommended and reasonably priced , for your convenience it is children friendly and is located near xnear .

near xnear , xname offers chinese food and also serves as a highly - rated coffee shop in riverside that is child - friendly . prices range above 30 pounds .

xname is a highly rated coffee shop near xnear , it's in the riverside area and usually costs around 30 pounds

xname coffee shop , serving

xname coffee shop , serving chinese food , prices from  30.99 , high profile , riverside , near xnear , child friendly

xname coffee shop serves chinese food more than  30 , has high customer service ratings , are located along the riverside are children friendly and are located near xnear .

xname coffee shop makes delicious chinese food in the price range of more than  30 , ongoing high customer service ratings , located by the riverside , bring your children , easy to find beside the xnear .

xname is a coffee chop located in the city centre , near xnear . it serves english food for a price range of about 20 to 25 pounds . it is not kid friendly however its customer rating is very high .

xname is an english coffee shop . it is located in the city centre near xnear . it has a high customer rating and the price range is from  20 - 25 . it is not kid friendly .

if you are looking for an english coffee shop , i recommend xname located in the city centre near the xnear . its customer rating is very high and has a price range of about 20 to 25 pounds . it is not kid friendly .

xname is an english coffee shop near xnear in the city centre with a price range  20 - 25 and is not kid friendly .

located in the city centre near xnear , xname is an english coffee shop with a high customer rating . it is not kid friendly but has a price range between  20 - 25 .

xname is an english coffee shop near xnear in the city centre with a price range  20 - 25 and is not kid friendly .

xname is an average english coffee shop located in city centre near xnear .

xname is kid friendly and located near the xnear . it has a price range of  20 - 25 , serves english food and is in the city centre . it's a coffee shop with a high customer rating .

xname is an average english coffee shop located in city centre near xnear . it is highly rated by customers and is kids friendly .

xname is a kid friendly coffee shop . it's located in the centre of the city , near xnear . it serves english food and has a high customer rating .

in the city centre near xnear , there is a kids friendly coffee shop serving english food called xname . it has a high customer rating and a price range of  20 - 25 .

xname is a kids friendly english coffee shop in the city centre near xnear . it has a high customer rating and a price range of  20 - 25 .

xname is an english coffee shop located near xnear within the riverside area . it is highly rated with prices between  20 - 25 and it is not conducive for kids .

xname coffee shop providing english food . it is located in riverside near xnear . have  20 - 25 price range .

near xnear in the riverside area is an english coffee shop called xname . they are not conducive for kids , but the prices are between  20 - 25 and they highly rated .

xname coffee shop providing english food . it is located in riverside near xnear . have  20 - 25 price range and high costumer rating .

xname is a kid friendly restaurant that serves english food near xnear in the riverside area . it has a price range of 20 - 25 pounds and is a highly rated coffee shop .

xname is a coffee shop located in the riverside area near xnear that features highly rated english food for 20 - 25 pounds and is not kid friendly .

xname coffee shop is family - friendly , mid price range , and is located on the river near xnear .

there is a family - friendly , mid cost coffee shop near the xnear called xname .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop located next to xnear .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear . the price range is from 20 to 25 pounds with high customer ratings and is kid friendly . the food is english and is in the riverside area .

xname is a coffee shop providing average - priced english food , it is located by the riverside , near xnear , kids - friendly and customer - rated high .

xname is located next to xnear on the river and is a family friendly coffee shop .

the english coffee shop near xnear is called xname . it is kid friendly , with high customer ratings , in the riverside area . the price range is from 20 to 25 pounds .

xname is an average - priced coffee shop , serving english food , it is located by the riverside near xnear , kids - friendly and high rated .

in riverside near xnear there is a english coffee shop called xname with a price range of  20 - 25 , it has a high customer rating and is child friendly .

come check out this 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop in the city centre near xnear . cheap english food will be found at xname , with no noisy kids allowed .

near xnear in the city center you will find a 5 star cheap coffee shop suited for couples named xname that serves english food .

xname is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre . with a rating of 5 out of 5 , and no kids allowed , this place will amaze you with it's english food . located close to xnear .

xname is a cheap , non - family - friendly coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . this restaurant , which features english food is located in the centre of the city near a xnear .

located in the centre of cambridge near a xnear , xname coffee shop features english dining , and is not family - friendly . it has a 5 out of 5 rating while being cheap .

you will find a cheap coffee shop suited for couples in the city center near xnear named xname that serves english food and has been rated 5 out of 5 .

xname is a cheap english coffee shop near xnear that is family - friendly in the city centre with a 5out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a highly rated english coffee shop in the city centre near xnear . it is cheap and family - friendly .

coffee shop called xname is family - friendly , sells english food and is cheap with a customer rating 5 out of 5 in the city centre near xnear

the city centre has an english coffee shop with a 5 out of 5 rating called xname . it is near xnear , is family - friendly and cheap .

xname is a cheap english coffee shop in the city centre near xnear . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is family - friendly .

xname is a family - friendly coffee shop that sells english food and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 with cheap pricing , it is located in the city centre near xnear

there is a cheap coffee shop that serves english food in the riverside area near xnear named xname . it was rated by customers 5 out of 5 .

xname is a cheap , 5 out of 5 rated coffee shop that is located in riverside near xnear . it offers english food .

located near xnear in riverside , xname is a coffee shop that offers english food at a cheap price with a 5 out of 5 rating .

for a low cost eatery serving english food , xname is rated 5 out of 5 by past customers . it is located on the riverside close to xnear . it is not family - friendly .

xname is a low priced , 5 out of 5 costumer - rated coffee shop . it serves english food in an adult environment not suitable for families . xname is located in riverside near xnear .

xname serves low cost english style food . it can be found on the riverside near xnear . while they are not family - friendly it has received 5 out of 5 in customer reviews .

xname is a coffee shop in the affordable price bracket . it serves british food and is family friendly and can be found near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop serving british food next to xnear . it is family friendly .

near xnear , by the riverside , there's a coffee shop . it's serves english food , welcomes families ; it's cheap and well liked . it's called xname .

there's a cheap place by the river called xname . it's a very popular coffee shop . it's a family friendly place that serves english food . it's by the xnear .

xname serves english food in riverside area near xnear . it is cheap family friendly place customer rated 5 out of 5 .

xname is a cheap coffee shop serving english food , located on the riverside , pretty close to the xnear . it's family friendly and customers rate it 5 out of 5 .

xname is an english style coffee shop located on the riverside , right next to the xnear . its english food is cheap and got 5 out of 5 rating .

on the riverside area near xnear you can visit cheap family friendly coffee shop called xname that serves english food . customer rated 5 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing english food and drink for cheap . it is located in riverside near xnear . family are very welcome , previous customers have rated us 5 out of 5 .

an average , cheap , english coffee shop near xnear in the city center , is xname . they are not family - friendly .

xname is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre near xnear . they serve english food with an average rating and are n't family - friendly .

the coffee shop xname located in the city centre near xnear serves average quality english food very cheap but is family - friendly .

xname is a cheap , english coffee shop near xnear in the city center . they are rated as average and not family - friendly .

not for families , xname is a coffee shop in the city centre near xnear where you can enjoy cheap english food with an average rating .

xname , is a coffee shop that serves cheap english food and is not family - friendly . it is located in the city centre near xnear and has received an average customer rating .

xname is an english food and coffee shop . it is located in the city centre near xnear and has been rated by customers as a kid - friendly , average place with a cheap price range .

welcome to the xname . we are not children friendly . our food is english , and we are located on the city centre near xnear . our price range is cheap .

welcome to the xname . we are not children friendly . our food is english , and we are located on the city centre near xnear . our price range is cheap .

xname , located in the city centre , is an english food and coffee shop located near xnear . customers have rated it as average , with a cheap price range , and the establishment is kid - friendly .

coffee shop , xname , is a coffee shop offering english cuisine by the xnear

xname is a non - family - friendly english coffee shop in riverside near xnear with an average customer rating and has a cheap price range .

xname is a non - family - friendly english coffee shop in riverside near xnear with a cheap price range and has an average customer rating .

xname , a riverside coffee shop offers affordable english dishes by the xnear

english food with an average customer review , near xnear is xname in the riverside . it is cheap but does not cater foe children in this coffee shop .

xname coffee shop near xnear in the area of the riverside serves english food although quite cheap it does not cater for children and has an average customer review .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop serving cheap english food in the riverside area situated near xnear

xname serves cheap english food in a family friendly coffee shop in the riverside area situated nears xnear

xname is a coffee shop serving british food . inexpensive , family friendly place to eat near the river and xnear .

a cheap coffee shop and family restaurant called xname is near xnear and it has good reviews .

family friendly and inexpensive coffee shop xname , is near to the river and xnear .

xname is a cheap coffee shop on the riverside . it serves english food and has an average customer rating . it is child friendly and can be found close to xnear .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop near xnear by the riverside in the city centre with a low price range and an average customer rating .

xname is an english family friendly coffee shop near xnear on the riverside . it has a cheap price range and average customer rating .

with a low price range and an average customer rating , xname is a family friendly coffee shop near xnear by the riverside in the city centre .

there is an english family friendly coffee shop called xname on the riverside . it is near xnear . it has a cheap price range and average customer rating .

xname is an inexpensive coffee shop and family restaurant with decent reviews located near xnear .

xname is a not so children friendly english coffee shop located in the city centre which has a high price range and customer rating of 1 out of 5 near xnear

xname is a english coffee shop in the city center , near xnear . it is not children friendly , has a high price range , and is near xnear .

a high priced english coffee shop , xname near the city centre's xnear had achieved a poor rating from its customers and is n't child friendly .

there is an english coffee shop in the city centre located near xnear which has a high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and also not a children friendly named xname

xname , near xnear in the city centre area , is a highly priced coffee shop which is not child friendly and has a poor rating from its customers .

xname is a non children friendly english coffee shop . it has a high price range , is in the city center near xnear , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname , an english coffee shop located near xnear in the city centre , offers food at high price range . although it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , it also is children friendly .

a coffee shop located in the city centre near xnear is xname . english food and children friendly it has a high prices and customers have rated it 1 out of 5 .

located near xnear in the city centre , xname serves italian food and acts as a coffee shop . with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , it also is very children friendly .

near xnear is a coffee shop called xname . they are kid friendly and have a rating of 1 out of 5 . the prices of their english food can be high .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear in the center of the city . it serves english food and is friendly for families . prices are in the high range and customer ratings are low , 1 out of 5 .

if you want to eat english food at a kid friendly place , go to xname near xnear in city centre . it is a coffee shop with a rating of 1 out of 5 due to high prices .

xname coffee shop has a 1 out of 5 customer rating , where you can get english food . the coffee shop is located near the xnear in the riverside area has a high price range and is not children friendly .

a coffee shop called xname has a high price range . located in riverside near xnear , the restaurant offers english food with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is not child friendly .

a coffee shop located near xnear serving english food , called xname in the riverside area has a 1 out of 5 customer rating . the price range is high and it is not children friendly .

xname is an english coffee shop near xnear with a high price range and 1 out of 5 customer rating .

xname near xnear in riverside has a 1 out of 5 customer rating . it is an english coffee shop with a high price range that is not child friendly .

there is an english coffee shop near xnear called xname with a high price range and 1 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is located in the riverside area near xnear . xname has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . they are a children friendly english coffee shop .

xname is a children friendly english coffee shop with prices in the high range . they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and are in the riverside area near xnear .

xname coffee shop is family friendly . serving british food , expensive and only 1 star , but xnear is near by .

xname is a high end coffee shop located at the end of the city beside xnear .

beside the xnear at the end of the city is a high priced restaurant called xname .

xname is an english coffee shop which is child friendly , has a high price range but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is located by the riverside near a xnear .

xname is a high priced family restaurant located near xnear and the river .

xname coffee shop by the river , rated one star and on the pricey side for it's british food . kids welcome and xnear is just don the road .

xname is a high priced english coffee shop with an average rating thats based in the city centre near to xnear that is n't really children - friendly .

for a high priced english coffee shop with an average rating that is based in the city centre near to xnear that is n't children - friendly then xname is the place to go

xname is located in the city centre area near xnear . this high - priced coffee shop serves english food with an average customer rating . this is not a family - friendly coffee shop .

xname is a high priced english coffee shop in city centre , near xnear . they have an average customer rating and are not child friendly .

in city centre , near xnear , there is a high priced english coffee shop called xname . they are not child friendly and have an average customer rating .

xname is a high - priced coffee shop located near the xnear in city centre . this average - rated restaurant is not for children . it serves english food .

xname , near xnear in the city centre , is a coffee shop with english food . it is in the high price range and has an average customer rating . it is children - friendly .

xname is an english coffee shop in the city center near xnear . the prices are quite high for an averagely rated place but it is child - friendly .

a coffee shop with english food is xname which is in the city centre near xnear . it is children - friendly , with an average customer rating , and is in the high price range .

a kid friendly coffee shop named xname has opened near xnear in the city centre . they serve english food , have an average customer rating , and high prices .

xname , serving english food , has opened near xnear in the city centre . they are a coffee type eatery , kid friendly with an average customer rating and a high price range .

the english coffee shop ' xname ' , is located in the city center near xnear . it has average customer reviews with quite high prices . it is recommended for kids .

xname is a non - children friendly english coffee shop in riverside near xnear with an average customer rating and has a high price range .

xname is near xnear in riverside . it serves expensive english food in a coffee shop setting . it's not child friendly , but has average ratings .

xname is a non - children friendly english coffee shop in riverside near xnear with a high price range and an average customer rating .

a highly priced english coffee shop in the riverside area is xname . it is non - kid friendly , has an average customer rating , and is located near the xnear .

xname is not children friendly , but if you are in riverside near xnear , it's an option for english food . it is an expensive coffee shop with average ratings .

xname is a highly priced english coffee shop that has earned an average rating from its customers . although not kid friendly it is located in the riverside area near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop along the riverside near xnear it serves english food in the high price range . it is child friendly and has an average customer rating .

xname has an average customer rating and a high price range . it is a child friendly coffee shop which serves english food in riverside near xnear .

xname is a child friendly coffee shop with english food . it has an average customer rating and a high price range . it is near xnear in riverside .

located on the riverside , near xnear , xname is a high priced english coffee shop with moderate ratings and a family friendly atmosphere .

xname is a higher priced , family friendly coffee shop serving traditional english food . it is located near the xnear .

xname is a coffee shop along the riverside near xnear . it is child friendly and has an average customer rating . it serves english food in the high price range

xnear is in the riverside area and is children friendly with an average customer rating instead of xname which is a coffee shop with english food and a high price range .

near the xnear is a coffee shop called , xname , that serves traditional english food . it is higher priced and suitable for families .

xname is located just below the river , near xnear . it serves high priced british food . this coffee shop is family friendly and rated three stars .

xname is a high priced coffee shop offering british food . it is family friendly and rated three stars . it can be found just below the river near xnear .

xnear is children friendly in the riverside area and has an average customer rating as opposed to a coffee shop with english food and a high price range called xname .

xname is coffee shop in the city centre , near xnear , serving low - priced english food . it is has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .

in the city centre near xnear is a low rated adult only coffee shop with average prices for english grub called xname

xname , located in city centre near xnear , it is a coffee shop with great prices but received a low customer rating . they serve english food .

xname is a low rated adult only coffee shop with average prices for english grub in the city centre near xnear .

xname offers low - priced english - style food in the city centre . it is located near xnear , is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .

located in city centre near xnear , xname is a coffee shop that serves english food at a great price but received a low customer rating .

xname is a family - friendly , low price range coffee shop serving english food . it is located in the town centre near xnear and has a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop which serves english food and is located in the city centre near xnear . it is family - friendly , has meals less than 20 pounds , but has a low customer rating .

despite having a low customer rating , xname is a family - friendly english coffee shop with meals less than 20 pounds . it is located in the city centre near xnear .

xname coffee shop is a family - friendly restaurant that provides english food in a low price range . it is located near xnear in the city centre and has a low customer rating .

family - friendly coffee shop called xname is located near xnear in the city centre . it sells english food with an average price range . low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop selling english food with an average price range . it is family - friendly and located near xnear in the city centre , has a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop by xnear . its low cost , but gets bad reviews , and is adult only .

a coffee shop called xname is located by xnear and has cheap pricing .

xname is a coffee shop which serves english food for less than  20 but has a low customer rating . it is located near xnear in riverside

xname ate at the coffee shop with his english family for less than  20 at xnear near riverside at low no .

xname is a coffee shop located by xnear . it has breakfast and is poor in rating .

xname coffee shop near xnear in riverside serves english meals under  20 . it is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop which serves english food for less than  20 but has a low customer rating . it is located near xnear in riverside

xname is a low cost adult only coffee shop . it is by xnear and receives poor reviews .

xname kept eating english people and xnear said no , the family ate xname for less than  20 at a coffee shop .

xname coffee shop in cambridge is not family friendly . it is located east of xnear .

xname coffee shop is located east of xnear . it is low - priced , and not family - friendly .

xname coffee shop is located near xnear next to the river . the shop serves breakfast food at low prices .

xname is a one star , family friendly coffee shop located near xnear . it's low - priced .

xname is located in the riverside area near xnear . xname is an english , family friendly coffee shop with low customer rating . their prices are less than  20 .

xname , a family friendly coffee shop located by the riverside near xnear serves english food for less than  20 , it has been low - rated .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop with prices less than  20 . they serve english food . they are in the riverside area near xnear . xname's customer rating is low .

there is a one star , low - priced coffee shop called xname located near xnear that is family friendly .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop in the low price range . it is located close to the city centre , near to xnear

xname is a family friendly coffee shop which serves english food within a price range of less than  20 , but has low customer rating . it is located near xnear in the riverside area .

along the riverside , near to xnear , there is a family friendly coffee shop , called xname , which serves english food costing less than  20 . it has a low customer rating .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop in the low price range . it is located close to the city centre , near to xnear

xname is a family - friendly coffee shop that sells inexpensive breakfast . the shop is located just outside of city centre , near the river not far from xnear .

there is a coffee shop in the city centre called xname , located near xnear . it serves english food and it is moderately priced . it is not kids - friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

a none kids friendly place with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 is a coffee shop which serve english food a moderate price range . xname is located in the city centre near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop also do english food . a moderate price range , none kids friendly place with a poor 1 out of 5 customer rating . you can find this place in the city centre near xnear .

xname is a moderately priced coffee shop with a low customer rating . it serves english food and is located close to xnear in the city centre . it is not suitable for families with children .

near xnear in the city centre is a coffee shop called xname serving moderately priced english food . customer ratings are low and it does not cater for children .

xname is a coffee shop in the city centre near xnear serving english food at a moderate price . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and it is not kids - friendly .

in the city centre near xnear is a kid friendly english food coffee shop called xname . it is rate 1 out of 5 stars .

xname coffee shop is moderate priced english good rated 1 out of 5 stars . it is in the city centre near xnear and is kid friendly .

there is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 called xname . it serves moderately priced food in a kid - friendly environment and is located in the near xnear in the city center .

by xnear in city centre is xname british coffee shop , family - friendly rated 1 out of 5 .

xname is a low - rated coffee shop near xnear in the city center . it serves moderately priced english food .

xname is an english coffee shop in the town centre by xnear , it is family - friendly rated 1 out 5 priced moderate .

xname coffee shop is moderate price range , is not kid friendly serves english food , has a 1 out 5 customer rating . it's near xnear in the riverside area .

xname is a coffee shop the is moderate price range that serves english food , not kid friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 near xnear by the riverside area .

near xnear by the riverside area there is a coffee shop that serves english food , not kid friendly , moderating pricing and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 that is called xname .

located in riverside near xnear xname coffee shop , in the moderate price range , they serve english food . they are not kid friendly they have 1 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is in riverside near xnear . it's a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it has a moderate price range and serves english food .

xname is a coffee shop with a moderate price range . they serve english food and is not kids friendly . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it's near xnear , in riverside .

xname is a kid friendly coffee shop with moderate prices . xname is located in the riverside near xnear . xname provides english style food and customers give them a 1 out of 5 rating .

xname is an english coffee shop located next to xnear and in the riverside area . customers give this coffee shop a 1 out of 5 rating . xname is a kid friendly place with moderate pricing .

in the riverside area is a coffee shop name xname . it is near the xnear . the customer rating is a 1 out of 5 and is in the moderate price range . it is kid friendly .

xname is a one - star coffee shop that offers english breakfast . it is family - friendly , moderately priced and is located near the xnear by the river .

a family friendly coffee shop named xname is located near xnear . it has a low customer rating .

near xnear by the riverside there is a coffee shop called xname yes with a moderate price range and rating of 1 out of 5

xname coffee shop serves english food . it is near xnear , in the riverside area . it is in the moderate price range and is kid friendly . the customer rating is a 1 out of 5 .

near xnear by the riverside there is a coffee shop called xname yes with a moderate price range and rating of 1 out of 5

a family friendly coffee shop called xname is located near xnear . it has a low customer rating .

xname is kid friendly but moderately expensive but not highly rated coffee shop near xnear .

xname offers moderately priced english breakfasts that are family - friendly . it is located near the xnear by the river and has a one - star rating .

located near xnear , at the city centre , xname is a coffee shop that serves english food . the price range is moderate and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 . it's not kids - friendly .

xname is a coffee shop that is n't kids - friendly . located near xnear , at the city centre , it serves english food . the price range is moderate and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

located in the city centre near xnear is a small coffee shop called xname . it also serves american food and price is worth the bite .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear and the city centre . it is not family - friendly and the price range is moderate . it serves english food and the customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

xname coffee shop and burger house is located near xnear in the city centre . a nice place to sit and hang around with your friends or co - workers with a moderately priced menu , you will enjoy this place .

if you are searching for a not family - friendly coffee shop that serves english food near xnear and the city centre , xname might be for you . the price range is moderate , and their customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

serving moderately priced english food with a 3 out of 5 customer approval , xname coffee shop is kid friendly and conveniently located at the city centre near the xnear .

a moderate price with a customer rating 3 out of 5 , xname is an english restaurant near xnear in the center of the city for the kids .

xname is a moderately priced family - friendly coffee shop serving english food . located at the city centre near the xnear , xname boasts a 3 out of 5 customer satisfaction rating .

an english stop near xnear in the center of the city , xname has a customer rating 3 out of 5 with a moderate price range .

xname is an english coffee shop near xnear in riverside with has a moderate price range , is not kids friendly , and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .

xname , an adult oriented coffee shop serving english food , in riverside near xnear , has moderate prices and customer ratings of 3 out of 5 .

xname coffee shop is located near xnear in riverside area . it providing english food , moderate price range and 3 out of 5 costumer rating

xname , located riverside near the xnear , is a moderately priced english coffee shop with 3 of 5 customer ratings and not a kid friendly environment .

there is an english coffee shop in riverside near xnear called xname . it has a moderate price range and a 3 out of 5 customer rating , but it is not kids friendly .

xname coffee shop is located near xnear in riverside area . it providing english food , 3 out of 5 costumer rating and moderate price range

there is an average coffee shop xname located near xnear . it offers breakfast for the family .

a riverside coffee shop named xname is kid friendly , has a moderate price range , serves english food , and has a 3 out of 5 rating . it is near the xnear .

xname is a riverside coffee shop that is kid friendly , has a moderate price range , serves english food , and has a 3 out of 5 rating . it is near the xnear .

xname is a kids friendly coffee shop that has moderate prices and serves english food . it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is located in the riverside area near the xnear .

xname if a coffee shop for traditional british food . we're near xnear at city centre .

xname if a coffee shop for traditional british food . we're near xnear at city centre . join us .

the riverside area near xnear has a coffee shop that is kids - friendly . it has a price range in xname . i give the food a 3 out of 5 .

the riverside area has coffee shop near the xnear that is both in the moderate price range and kid friendly called xname . it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and serves english food .

the riverside area near xnear has a coffee shop that is kids - friendly . it has a price range in xname . i give the food a 3 out of 5 .

xname coffee shop is a coffee shop with a high customer rating which is situated in the city centre near the xnear . it serves english food and the price range is above average . it is not suitable for children .

xname coffee shop is an expensive establishment situated near the xnear in the city centre which sells high quality english food , but is unsuitable for children .

xname is a high customer rating coffee shop that is not children friendly . it's near the city centre and xnear . the menu serves english food and is usually more  30 , but it's worth it .

if you are searching for an english coffee shop near the city centre and xnear , xname is a high customer rating place to go . it is not children friendly place and it has a  30 and over menu , but you might want to check it out .

xname is an english coffee shop that costs more than  30 . it is not children friendly , but it has a high customer rating . it is in the city centre , near the xnear .

xname is an english coffee shop that costs more than  30 . it is not children friendly , but it has a high customer rating . it is in the city centre , near the xnear .

xname is a highly rated , child - friendly english coffee shop located in the city centre , near xnear . its price range is more than  30 .

xname is an english coffee shop near xnear , in the city centre . it is highly rated by customers , is child - friendly , and has a price range that is more than  30 .

xname offers japanese food and coffee shop with cheap price near xnear in riverside .

located near a xnear in city centre , xname is a child friendly coffee shop serving english food with a high customer rating . the price range is more than 30 .

coffee shop xname is child friendly with a price range of more than 30 . serving english food , it is located near xnear in city centre and has a high customer rating .

xname offers japanese food and coffee shop with cheap price near xnear in riverside .

xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area , near xnear that has a high customer rating . they serve english food at a  30 minimum , and are n't friendly to children .

although it has a high customer rating , xname coffee shop serving traditional english cuisine , is not child friendly and is an expensive alternative to the xnear which also sits on the riverside .

a coffee shop in the riverside area , near xnear , serving english food is xname . the shop has a high customer rating , is n't child friendly , and serves food at a  30 price minimum .

xname is a children friendly coffee shop in riverside near xnear . it has a high customer rating with the prince range for their english food is more than  30 .

located on the riverside close to xnear , is xname ; a highly rated yet high priced coffee shop serving english food , which is not considered child friendly .

there's a children friendly coffee shop near xnear with high customer rating called xname . they serve english food with a price range of more than  30 in riverside .

xname in the city centre sells chinese food in the  20 -  25 price range , although it classifies itself as a coffee shop . it has high customer ratings .

xname is a highly rated chinese food coffee shop in the city centre . you can get a meal for  20 - 25 .

xname is a coffee shop in the city centre which offers chinese food at average prices and has a high customer rating .

xname , is a coffee shop , which offers chinese food , within a price range of  20 - 25 . it has a high customer rating , and is located in a city centre .

rated high by customers , xname is a chinese coffee shop located in the city centre . the average price range is  20 - 25 .

xname serves chinese food in a coffee shop for  20 - 25 you can get a meal near the city centre .

a coffee shop , with a high customer rating , called xname , located in a city centre , offers chinese food , within a price range of  20 - 25 .

xname is a coffee shop that also offers chinese food with items between  20 - 25 . customers give this riverside venue a high rating .

xname coffee shop serves chinese food for  20 -  25 . it has a high customer rating and is in the riverside area .

there is a highly rated chinese coffee shop in the riverside area called xname . the average price range is  20 - 25 .

xname is a coffee shop that offers average priced chinese food between  20 - 25 . customers in the riverside area rate it high .

xname is a riverside coffee shop which also serves chinese food for  20 -  25 . it has a high customer rating .

a coffee shop by the riverside , xname , serves average price range , highly rated chinese food .

xname is a highly rated chinese coffee shop in the riverside area that ranges  20 - 25 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the city centre . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

in the city centre for cheap chinese food with excellent customer ratings try xname coffee shop .

xname coffee shop in the city centre serves cheap chinese food with excellent customer ratings .

xname has a perfect customer rating and offers delicious coffee and chinese food for cheap prices .

located in city centre , xname serves delicious chinese food and coffee for low prices .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the city centre . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food at low prices in riverside with ratings of 5 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

cheap chinese food can be found in the xname coffee shop . it has a high customer rating .

xname coffee shop offers chinese food at a low price range and is rated 5 out of 5 in the city of riverside .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the riverside area . it has a high customer rating and serves cheap food .

xname is a coffee shop where you can also get cheap chinese food . xname , located in the city centre , has an average customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food . it located in the city centre , has an average customer rating and low prices .

xname is a cheap coffee shop located in the city centre that also serves chinese food . it has an average customer rating .

xname has average customer rating , and is located in the city centre . although it is a coffee shop , xname also offers chinese food .

in city centre , a coffee shop named xname have chinese food in a range of cheap prices . customer rating is average .

xname is a coffee shop having chinese food with cheap prices , and average customer rating and located in city centre .

there is a chinese coffee shop in riverside called xname . it has average customer ratings and cheap prices .

xname is located in riverside has average ratings . it is a cheap coffee shop that offers chinese food .

xname located on the riverside is given an average customer rating for having cheap prices . it is a coffee shop that also offers chinese food .

xname is is a low priced chinese coffee shop in riverside with average ratings .

situated in the riverside area , is a coffee shop which serves chinese cuisine called xname . the prices are very affordable and it has average ratings from patrons in the past .

xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food . the price is cheap and customers give it an average rating . it is located on the riverside .

xname is a coffee shop with a chinese menu . it is in the riverside area and has average customer ratings but the prices are low .

in the city centre is a chinese coffee shop called xname , its expensive and not got the best ratings .

xname , located in the city centre , is a coffee shop which provides chinese food .

xname only has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is high priced . it's a chinese coffee shop in the city centre .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food within the high price range . it is located in the city centre and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

xname in the city centre is a chinese coffee shop in the high price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop , which provides chinese food . the price range is high and 1 out 5 customers recommend it . it is located in the city centre .

there's a high priced chinese coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating in the city center . called xname .

xname chinese coffee shop is located in the riverside area . it has a high price range and a low rating .

xname is a coffee shop sited on the riverside which serves chinese food . the price range is high with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

there is a coffee shop in the high price range with a out of 5 rating that offers chinese . it is xname in riverside

xname , which can be found on the riverside , is a coffee shop serving chinese food . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and the price range is high .

xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food in a high price that customers give them a rating of 1 out of 5 he's located at riverside

xname chinese coffee shop is located in the riverside area . it has a high price range and a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese , in the high price range . customer rating is 1 out of 5 near riverside .

xname is a coffee shop type of eatery serving chinese dishes in the higher price range that has earned an average customer rating and can be found in the city centre area .

xname is a coffee shop where they serve chinese food , they have a high price range and an average customer rating . they are located at the centre of the city

xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre that provides chinese cuisine . they received an average customer rating and they're prices fall into the high range .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese cuisine in the high price range with customer rating at average and located in the city centre area .

xname is a coffee shop offering chinese cuisine in the high price range . they are located in the city centre with an average customer rating .

located in the city center . , xname coffee shop is a high priced average rating serving chinese foods

xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food in the high price range . it currently holds an average customer rating . it is located in riverside .

xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food . it is located in the riverside area with its prices in the higher range . customer rating for this establishment is average .

the chinese coffee shop , xname , is located in riverside . the price range is high with customer ratings of average

the chinese coffee shop , xname , with a high price range , is located in riverside . the customer ratings are average

there is an expensive coffee shop named xname that provides chinese food and is located in the riverside . it has a high price range and an average customer rating .

in the riverside area is the coffee shop xname . it offers chinese food in the higher price range and has an average customer rating .

xname is an expensive coffee shop in the riverside area which serves chinese food . it has an average customer rating .

there is a coffee shop , xname located in the city centre that serves chinese food with price range less than  20 and has low customer rating .

there's a coffee shop serving chinese food for less than  20 in the city centre . it's called xname and has a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop in the city centre that serves chinese food priced less than  20 . it has a poor customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop in the city centre serving chinese food for under  20 . it has a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range . it is located in the city centre . its customer rating is low .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range . it is located in the city centre . its customer rating is low .

xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food . it is located in riverside . the price range is less than  20 . it has a low customer rating .

there is a coffee shop called xname that serves chinese food for less than  20 per person . xname is located near riverside but it has a low customer rating .

xname , riverside , is a chinese coffee shop . customers rate the coffee shop as low but the price range is less than  20 .

xname is located in riverside . if you are looking for inexpensive coffee and chinese , stop by . previous customers have given the establishment a low rating .

the chinese coffee shop in riverside , in rated low by customers . the price range is less than  20 . it is called xname .

xname is a cheap place to grab coffee and chinese food in riverside . though do n't expect great customer service .

the coffee shop xname is located near riverside , it serves chinese food for less than  20 per person . xname has a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food at moderate prices with a 1 out of 5 customer rating in city centre .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . customer rating for xname is 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop and has a 1 out of 5 customer rating . it serves chinese food . it's located in the city centre and is moderately priced .

there is a coffee shop named xname that provides chinese food at moderate prices . xname is located in the city centre and have a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

there is a moderate - priced coffee shop xname located in the centre of the city that provides chinese food . customer rating for this coffee shop is 1 out of 5 .

xname is a chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range , it is located in the city centre and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop . it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and serves chinese food . it's located in the city centre and is moderately priced .

xname is a coffee shop in riverside that sells chinese and has a moderate price range and also has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a moderately priced chinese coffee shop in the riverside area with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

xname coffee shop and serves chinese food . the moderate price range has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and can be found in th riverside area .

there is a coffee shop in the riverside area called xname . it has a 1 out of 5 customer rating and is moderately priced . it is located in the riverside area .

in riverside there is a place called xname with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 but is moderately priced chinese food , a coffee shop style place .

xname is a coffee shop located on the riverside . it also serves chinese food for a moderate price . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a chinese coffee shop located in city centre . it is moderately priced and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food at a moderate price range in the city centre . it has received a 3 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop serving moderate priced chinese food in city center . with a rating of 3 out of 5 .

the chinese coffee shop xname is in the city center . , has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and has a moderate price range .

xname is a moderately priced chinese coffee shop located in city centre . it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .

chinese food can be found at the city centre coffee shop by the name of xname . they have decent ratings , and moderate prices .

xname coffee shop serves chinese food in the city center . they have a 3 point rating out of 5 , and a medium price range .

xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the riverside are .

looking for a coffee shop offering chinese food in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the riverside are , the consider xname .

xname provides chinese food with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 located in the riverside area and has moderate prices

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 in the riverside area .

for a moderately priced chinese coffee shop in riverside try xname rated 3 out of 5 and moderately priced .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food at moderate prices and has a rating of 3 out of 5 it is located at the riverside area

xname is a chinese coffee shop in riverside , rated 3 out of 5 , moderately priced .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food , it has a high customer rating , with meals costing more than  30 . it is located in the city center .

the coffee shop named xname is located in city centre . it has a high customer rating . xname serves chinese food , and has a price range of more than 30 pounds .

there is a high rated coffee shop called xname that offers chinese food . it's prices are above average and it is located in the city centre .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food . it is near the city centre and has a high customer rating with an average price range of  30 .

xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese in the city centre . it has a high customer rating and it's prices are more than  30 .

xname has a high customer rating , with meals costing more than  30 . it is located in the city center .

near the city centre there is a restaurant with a high average rating called xname . it is a coffee shop serving chinese food and the average cost is  30 .

the riverside area has a coffee shop , xname , that serves chinese food costing more than  30 . the customer rating is high .

xname coffee shop located riverside serves chinese food costing more than  30 , the customer rating is high .

riverside restaurant , xname , enjoys high customer rating . the venue is a coffee shop offering chinese food at a price range exceeding 30 pounds .

xname is a high priced coffee shop in the riverside area , that serves chinese food and has a high customer rating .

if you are looking for a venue with a high customer rating , please visit xname , which is located riverside and offers a coffee shop atmosphere with chinese food .

there is a coffee shop named xname that provides chinese food with price ranges more than  30 and a high customer rating in riverside .

there is a high priced coffee shop in the riverside area called xname , that serves chinese food and has a high customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop on city centre that serves english food . the price varies between  20 - 25 , and has a high customer rating .

xname is an english coffee shop . located on city centre , the prices may vary between  20 - 25 , but has a high customer rating .

xname has a high customer rating ranging from the prices of  20 - 25 . it is a coffee shop that serves english food located in city centre .

there is a coffee shop in city centre that serves english food for about  20 - 25 , with high customer rating called xname .

xname is a truly english dining experience , serving high quality foods at prices they deserve . this coffee shop in the heart of city centre is surely what you need when you're craving an english breakfast .

located in city centre , xname is a server of high quality english food and coffee . with a price range of  20 - 25 , xname is surely a stand - out dining experience .

xname is a moderately priced , highly rated coffee shop located near city centre .

in riverside is a coffee shop with a high customer rating called xname that serves english food and has a price range between  20 - 25 .

with its price range of  20 - 25 and high customer rating , xname coffee shop is located in riverside .

there is a mid - priced coffee shop called xname near to the city centre

xname is a moderately priced coffee shop located north of the city centre .

xname is a coffee shop serving english food located in the riverside area . prices are average for this area and customer ratings are high .

xname is a mid - range coffee shop located near the city centre

xname is an english coffee shop with a high customer rating and decent pricing . it is on the riverside .

in the riverside area you'll find a great coffee shop with moderate prices serving english food called xname .

if you're looking for some cheap english food , a coffee shop named xname is rated 5 out of 5 , you'll find it at the city centre .

xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre which is cheap in price but has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is an english coffee shop . it is cheap and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . you can find it in the city centre .

xname is a great coffee shop selling english food by the city centre . it's 5 out of 5 and you can get a great meal for cheap there .

xname english coffee shop in the city centre has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is cheap in price .

xname is a cheap english coffee shop located in the city centre , and it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop serving breakfast items and located north of the city centre .

a cheap coffee shop , xname , has a 5 out of 5 customer rating , sells english food , and is located in the riverside area .

xname is a cheap coffee shop with english food in the riverside area with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

there is a coffee shop called xname with cheap prices along the river bank .

xname is a coffee shop which serves english food , with a cheap price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating score located in the riverside area .

an cheap english coffee shop named xname located in the riverside area was rated 5 out of 5

xname on the riverfront is a five star coffee shop that offers typical british fare at low prices .

xname is a cheap coffee shop located near the scenic riverside .

xname is a low cost coffee shop that also serves breakfast items .

there is a english coffee shop in the riverside area with a cheap price range and a 5 out of 5 customer rating score called xname .

xname coffee shop on the riverfront offers typical english food . they offer a five star experience with low prices .

in the city centre there is a cheap coffee shop serving english food called xname . it is rated average by customers .

xname coffee shop in the city centre is an average rated place with cheap english food .

xname will delight you with average cheap english food with in the coffee shop in the city center .

xname will delight you with average cheap english food with in the coffee shop in the city center .

xname is a cheap coffee shop in the city centre serving english food . it is rated average by customers .

in the city centre there is an average coffee shop called xname who serve cheap english food .

with an average customer rating , xname is a cheap coffee shop serving english food and located along the river

there is a cheap three star coffee shop xname located on the river .

xname is a breakfast restaurant near the river with low prices .

xname has inexpensive english food . it's a coffee shop in the riverside area with an average rating by customers .

in the riverside area , is an inexpensive english food coffee shop called xname . it have an average rating by customers .

you can drink coffee and have a great view at xname coffee shop .

xname is an average rated restaurant with low prices . it is next to the river and serves breakfast .

xname coffee shop in riverside is cheap , serves english food , and has an average rating with customers .

xname is a coffee shop that is along the river in the city centre .

xname is a three star coffee shop located on the river .

serving cheap english food , as well as having a coffee shop ; xname has an average customer rating and is located along the riverside .

xname coffee shop offer english food located near city center with a high price range .

for awful english coffee at a high price , go to xname found in the city centre .

xname offers terrible english coffee for a high cost in the city centre .

xname is a coffee shop offering english fare in the city centre . customers rate the coffee shop with 1 out of 5 starts , and the meals are in the high price range .

xname coffee shop near city centre offers english food with a high price range .

customers rate xname , a coffee shop with english food as a 1 out of 5 . located in the city centre , prices are in the high range .

xname is a moderate priced coffee shop located close to the river that provides take away

xname is a high priced coffee shop serving english food in the riverside area with only a 1 out of 5 rating .

there is a five star british restaurant and coffee shop outside of the city centre called xname .

the high priced restaurant with a 1 out of 5 rating , xname , is an english coffee shop in the riverside area .

there is a restaurant in the riverside area called xname . it is a coffee shop serving english style foods . its prices are high and has an average rating of 1 out of 5 by customers .

xname is a moderate priced coffee shop located close to the river that provides take away

high charging , low rated coffee shop by the riverside selling english food called xname

xname is a coffee shop north of city centre . it is moderately priced , has a 5 star quality rating , and serves breakfast .

xname is a high charging , low rated , coffee shop on the riverside , it sells english food

xname is a coffee shop and breakfast establishment . it is located north of city centre beside the river .

xname is an affordable british restaurant and coffee shop outside of the city centre . it offers a five star dining experience .

xname has an average customer rating . it is an english coffee shop with a high price in the city centre .

the customer rating for xname is average , because there price range is high . they are a coffee shop located in city centre offering english food .

xname is an english coffee shop with an average customer rating . it has a high price in the city centre .

xname is in the city centre . it is a coffee shop serving english food . customer rating is average , prices are high .

xname is a coffee shop serving english food in the city centre . the price range is high and the customer rating is average .

xname has an average customer rating . they are a coffee shop located in the city centre . xname provides english food as well as a high price range .

xname coffee shop in the riverside area offers english food at a high price range . previous customers have given this establishment an average rating .

if you want a coffee shop in the riverside area try xname . it offers english food at a high price range which has been rated average by previous customers .

xname is a coffee shop that offers a full breakfast at a moderate price .

xname coffee shop also offers a full breakfast . located outside city centre .

xname is a 3 - star , fairly high - priced coffee shop located south of the river , but north of city centre .

there is an expensive coffee shop near the river called xname .

xname is an english coffee shop in the riverside area with an average customer rating and high price range .

xname is an expensive coffee shop near the river .

for english food in the riverside area try xname coffee shop . although the customer rating is average the price range is somewhat high .

xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre . it has a low customer rating . the price range is below  20 .

xname coffee shop is located in the city centre and serves english food in the less than  20 price range but has a low customer rating

xname is a restaurant providing take - away deliveries in the low price range . it is located in the city centre .

xname coffee shop is located in the city centre and serves english food in the less than  20 price range but has a low customer rating

xname is a low - priced restaurant in the city centre that delivers take - away .

xname is a low rated coffee shop in the city centre . it serves english food for under  20 .

xname is inexpensive and offers breakfast items and coffee .

xname is a low - cost coffee shop that serves british - style breakfast near the river .

xname is a one - star , low - cost coffee shop near the river that serves breakfast near the river .

xname is a reasonably priced coffee shop , which serves english food in the riverside area . the ratings are 1 - 2 stars out of 5 .

in the riverside area , you can get english food at xname . it is a coffee shop with a low rating , but costs less than  20 .

somewhere that costs less than  20 is xname in the riverside area . the coffee shop does have a low rating but serves english food .

located in city centre , xname coffee shop has english food with low prices and a low rating .

there is a low price coffee shop in city centre . it's called xname and it offers english food . the rating is 1 out of 5 .

for a cheap english style meal - try the coffee shop xname . located in the riverside - it has received 1 - 2 stars .

xname is an english style coffee shop located in the city centre . it has a low customer rating and is moderately priced .

xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre that has a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

the english style coffee shop , xname , is located in the city centre .

xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre that has a moderate price range and a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , xname is an english coffee shop with a moderate price range in the city centre .

xname in the city centre is an english coffee shop with with a moderate price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

english food coffee shop xname in riverside , has a star rating of 1 to 5 with a moderate price range .

xname coffee shop serves english dishes that are moderately priced . despite being on the riverside , the average customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

xname , situated in riverside , is a coffee shop with english food having a moderate price range a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname , a coffee shop with english food in riverside has a moderate customer price range and a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

with 1 out of 5 being its average customer rating . xname is a coffee shop that can be found on the riverside , with fairly priced english food .

there is a coffee shop near the river called xname , it is mid - price range .

xname coffee shop in riverside serves english food at a moderate price range , it has a star rating of 1 to 5 .

xname is a moderately priced , poorly rated coffee shop near city centre .

in city centre , you can find the moderately priced , poorly rated coffee shop named xname .

there is a moderately priced coffee shop in city centre called , xname . it serves english food and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname in the city centre - a coffee shop that serves english food at moderate prices . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname in city centre is a coffee shop with english cuisine . the price range is moderate and the current customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

xname restaurant is a coffee shop that serves english food that is in the city centre that is moderate in price and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname restaurant is a coffee shop that serves english food that is in the city centre that is moderate in price and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop in the city centre , serving english food at moderate prices . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop located on the river providing great coffee for a good price .

xname serves medium price english food in a coffee shop location

down the riverside is an english place called xname . the customer rating and the price range are average .

xname is a moderately expensive , moderately rated coffee shop near the river .

a moderate prices coffee shop that serves english food in the riverside area is xname and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is a somewhat expensive , somewhat well rated coffee shop near the river .

xname coffee shop in a riverside location serves medium priced english food

xname is in the riverside area . it is a moderate priced coffee shop with english food and a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

the english place xname is a coffee shop located by the riverside . it offers moderate price range and the customer are rating it average .

xname is a coffee shop with price range more than 30 located in the city centre . it has a high customer rating and has english food .

xname is a highly rated coffee shop in the city centre that serves english food with a price range of more than 30 .

xname is a highly rated coffee shop in the city centre that serves english food with a price range of more than 30 .

there is a coffee shop , xname , also offering english food . it is located in the city centre . its price range is more than  30 . customer rating for this coffee shop is high .

xname is a coffee shop in the city centre . it also offers english food . it is rated high by the customers , however its price range is more than  30 .

there is a coffee shop called xname located in the city centre with a high customer rating . the price range is more than 30 and has english food .

there's an excellent coffee shop called xname by the river . it's not cheap at all but really nice .

xname is a coffee shop that sells english food in riverside , the customer rating is high and the price ranging from  30 and more

xname coffee shop serves english food . it is on the riverside , with a high customer rating and average price is  30 plus .

xname is a low - priced restaurant on the river that serves breakfast .

there is a coffee shop named xname in riverside , the price ranging from more than  30 with high customer rating and amazing english food .

coffee shop xname offers english food . it has a very good reputation , unfortunately , also has a high price .

based on the riverside is a coffee shop called xname which serves english food . it has excellent customer feedback and is around  30

coffee shop xname has a very good reputation , unfortunately , also has a high price . it offers english food

xname is a restaurant specializing in breakfast in the low price range . it is located north of the city centre right on the river .

xname is a coffee shop near riverside and has high customer ratings serves english food for moderate prices .

xname is an excellent coffee shop . is expensive but is really good .

near xnear riverside , xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food at price range of  20 - 25 .

xname serves chinese food for around  20 - 25 . it's by the river , near xnear coffee shop .

there is a coffee shop called xname providing chinese food located in the riverside near xnear and it's price range is  20 - 25 .

by the riverside , near xnear , xname is a coffee shop which serves chinese food at a range of  20 - 25 .

xname is a coffee shop located in the riverside near xnear that provides chinese food which has a price range of  20 - 25 .

xname is a cheap chinese coffee shop in the riverside area , near xnear .

near xnear in the riverside area is a cheap chinese coffee shop called xname .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food within a cheap price range . it is located in the riverside area near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese cuisine in the low price range . it is located in riverside , near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food , it has a cheap price range . it is located at the riverside near xnear

coffee shop , xname a cheap chinese establishment in the riverside area near xnear .

xname a cheap chinese establishment in the riverside area near xnear is a coffee shop .

xname is a coffee shop located in riverside , near xnear . they offer chinese cuisine in the low price range .

xname is a high end coffee shop serving chinese food located in the city center . near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear .

there is a coffee shop serving chinese food called xname . it has a moderate price range is is find in the city centre near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop serving expensive chinese food in the city centre near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food . it is located in the city centre near xnear with a high price range .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear in the city centre . it serves expensive chinese food .

xname is a coffee shop . it is located in riverside near xnear .

chinese and coffee shop , xname is higher in price on the riverside near xnear .

xname is also a chines restaurant . it has high prices . it is near xnear

xname is an expensive chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near xnear .

xname , coffee shop and chinese restaurant is high in price in the riverside near xnear .

xname is a high priced coffee shop that serves chinese food and is located on the riverside near xnear .

in the riverside area , near xnear , there is an expensive chinese coffee shop called xname .

xname is a chinese coffee shop in the city centre , near xnear . it provides food for less than  20 .

coffee shop and chinese food less than  20 . xname , city centre , near xnear .

in the city centre near xnear , there's a chinese coffee shop called xname . prices are less than  20 .

coffee shop and chinese food , xname in the city centre near xnear , has a price range of less than  20 .

there is a coffee shop that provides chinese food for less than  20 called xname . it is located right in the city centre , near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear .

xname , a coffee shop near xnear in the riverside area , is another cheap place to get chinese food .

you can get chinese food for less than  20 at xname . xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area near xnear .

xname is a chinese restaurant coffee shop with low prices in the riverside area near xnear .

if your want chinese food and coffee shop in the riverside area near xnear try xname .

located in city centre near xnear , xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food at less than average prices .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food for less than  20 in the riverside area near xnear .

in the city centre near xnear , a coffee shop known as xname offers chinese food at a moderate price range .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food at a moderate price range in the city centre near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear .

a coffee shop near xnear in riverside that serves chinese food in the moderate price range is xname .

moderately priced and located in the riverside area near xnear , xname is a pub that offers chinese food .

the moderately priced coffee shop , xname , serves chinese food , and is in the riverside area near xnear .

xname coffee shop , close to xnear and the river is a moderately priced chinese

xname moderately priced chinese coffee shop is by the river , near xnear

xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food . it is moderately priced and is located in the riverside area near xnear .

xname is a moderately priced coffee shop serving chinese food . it is moderately priced and is in the riverside area near xnear .

xname is a high end coffee shop that sells chinese food in riverside near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the price range of more than 30 euros located near xnear in riverside .

near xnear there is a chinese coffee shop called xname that is expensive : more than  30 . located on the riverside you can enjoy a cup of coffee while looking onto a beautiful landscape .

xname is a chinese coffee shop . is is expensive : more than  30 . on the river side near xnear .

at riverside near xnear , there is a coffee shop called xname that serves chinese food in the price range of more than 30 euros

there is a high end coffee shop xname that sells chinese food located in riverside near xnear .

xname is a chinese coffee shop in the river side , near xnear . price range is more than  30 .

xname is a coffee shop in riverside near xnear offers english foods for  20 - 25 .

located near xnear , xname is a riverside coffee shop that serves english food at a price range of  20 - 25 .

on the riverside there is a coffee shop called xname which serves english food for  20 -  25 . it is close to xnear .

xname , a coffee shop in riverside offers english foods for  20 - 25 near xnear .

xname is a riverside coffee shop that serves english food near xnear at a price rage of  20 - 25 .

there is a coffee shop called xname on the riverside near xnear . they serve english food and their price range is  20 to  25 .

xname is real cheap english food with a coffee shop atmosphere . it is near xnear around the riverside area .

xname , near xnear at the riverside is a cheap english coffee shop .

if you are looking for english food , there is a cheap coffee shop , in riverside , near xnear , called xname .

a coffee shop called xname is located in the riverside area near xnear . xname offers english food for cheap prices .

a cheap coffee shop , called xname , located in the riverside area , near xnear serves english food .

xname , coffee shop located near xnear in the riverside area , has english food for cheap prices .

located in riverside near xnear , xname is a cheap coffee shop which provides english food .

xname is a cheaply priced coffee shop which serves english food . it is located in riverside near xnear .

in the riverside area there is a cheap coffee shop that does english food called xname which is near xnear

xname is a cheap coffee shop which serves english food which is in the riverside area near xnear

there is an english coffee shop called xname on the riverside . it is situated near xnear . it serves cheap food and drinks .

xname coffee shop is located in city center near xnear , providing english food .

xname is a coffee shop with high prices . it also serves english food and is located in the city centre near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that also serves english food . the price range is high . it is located near xnear in the city centre area .

xname is a coffee shop providing english food . it is located in city center near xnear .

xname coffee shop is a highly priced british themed eatery located near xnear .

there is a coffee shop called xname located near xnear .

on the riverside , close to xnear , sits xname . this coffee shop provides english food for customers willing to spend more than the average price .

by the riverside , near xnear , is a high priced , english coffee shop called xname .

xname is a high price store located near xnear and its are is in riverside

xname , located near xnear , is in the riverside area .

xname is a coffee shop that has high priced english food . it is in the area of riverside near xnear .

xname is a costly coffee shop offering british - style dishes . it is located on the river near xnear .

there is coffee shop near xnear and the food is english and store name is xname

xname is an upscale breakfast style coffee shop that is located next to xnear .

located next to xnear , xname is an upscale breakfast style coffee shop .

xname is a coffee shop serving english food near xnear with a high price range near the area riverside

xname is a higher priced english coffee shop on the riverside close to xnear .

sitting on the riverside next to xnear , xname coffee shop serves highly priced british breakfasts

there is a high - end coffee shop on the river near xnear called xname . it offers british - style dishes .

xname is a coffee shop serving english food near xnear with a high price range near the area riverside

xname is located near xnear in the city centre . this coffee shop provides english food with a price range less than  20 .

xname is an english coffee shop in the city centre near xnear that is priced in the less than  20 range .

there is an english coffee shop in the city centre near xnear that is called xname , and it is reasonably priced at less than  20 .

xname as a coffee shop near xnear in the city centre providing english food with a price range less than  20 .

xname is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre near xnear . they serve english food .

there is a moderately priced coffee shop xname . it is in the city centre near xnear and they serve english food .

there is a cheap coffee shop xname located in xnear that provides breakfast .

visit xname , a low priced breakfast and coffee shop located right near xnear and right by the river .

xname is a coffee shop that offers english food in the mid price range . its located near xnear in riverside .

there is an english coffee shop named xname in the riverside area near xnear with a price range under  20 .

on the river , near xnear is a cheap coffee shop called xname .

xname is a cheap coffee shop near xnear on the river .

xname is a coffee shop that sells cheap english food located near xnear in riverside .

xname coffee shop has english food near xnear in the riverside area and is priced less than  20 .

xname , a low priced breakfast and coffee shop located near xnear right by the river .

near xnear in the riverside area is a lovely coffee shop called xname , great english food ranging at less than  20

xname coffee shop at prices of  20 or less serving great english food near xnear in the riverside area

xname , located near xnear , is a coffee shop serving english food in the moderate price range .

there is restaurant english on the side xnear in the city centre with coffee shop with moderate price , its xname

xname is a coffee shop that serves english food . it is in the moderate price range and is located in the city centre near xnear .

located in the city centre area near xnear is a coffee shop named xname which serves english food with a moderate price range

xname , a coffee shop located in the city centre near xnear serves english food with a moderate price range

xname is a restaurant english with coffee shop on the side xnear in the city centre with moderate price

situated near xnear on the riverfront , north of the city centre , ' xname ' coffee shop serves moderately - priced traditional british fare .

xname is a moderately priced , english coffee shop near xnear in the riverside area .

xname is a coffee shop that is family friendly near xnear . it is riverside and has english food . price is moderate

xname is a coffee shop that serves english food . it is located in riverside near xnear . they are moderately priced .

xname coffee shop on river with lowest prices

xname is a moderately - priced coffee shop located near xnear on the river to the north of the city centre serving traditional british cuisine .

located in the riverside district , near xnear , is a coffee shop known as xname . it serves typical english grub while offering moderate prices .

xname is a coffee shop that serves english food . it is located in riverside near xnear . they are moderately priced .

in the riverside area , near xnear there is a moderately priced , english coffee shop named xname .

xname is a coffee shop with low price range . it is located on river

xname , near xnear in riverside is a moderately priced english coffee shop

xname , in riverside , near xnear , is a moderately priced coffee shop with english food

xname , a coffee shop , located near xnear , riverside , has a moderate price range , and serves english food .

xname coffee shop serves british fare at reasonable prices . near xnear .

xname coffee shop serves english fare at reasonable prices . near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear . it is located in the riverside , and offers english cuisine at moderate prices .

xname is a coffee shop providing english food for more than  30 . it is located near xnear on the riverside .

near xnear on the riverside is a coffee shop that provides english food for more than  30 . its called xname .

xname is a coffee shop serving english food with a price range of more than  30 , located near xnear

xname is a coffee shop located near xnear , serving english food with a price range of more than  30 .

xname is a coffee shop that serve english food that cost more than  30 , they are located near xnear .

xname is an english food coffee shop near xnear . their pricing are more than  30

xname has 1 out of 5 ratings and they are located on the riverside .

xname in riverside has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname in riverside has a 1 our of 5 customer rating .

customers rate xname in riverside 1 out 5 .

if you are looking for places to eat t in the riverside area , xname is a restaurant with a 1 out of 5 star rating .

xname has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located within riverside .

in riverside is xname with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

xname has a 1 out of 5 rating in riverside .

an establishment near riverside with a 1 out of 5 rating is xname .

xname has a 1 out of 5 customer rating . it is located in riverside .

in riverside , xname has a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

xname has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located within riverside .

xname has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is located in the riverside area .

xname is on the riverside and has a rating of 3 out of 5 .

a venue located near the riverside called xname has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

in riverside , xname has a 3 out of 5 rating .

xname along the riverside is rated 3 out of 5 .

xname can be found on riverside and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

rated 3 out of 5 by its customers , xname is a restaurant located riverside .

come visit xname in our beautiful riverside area . our customer rating of 3 out of 5 is sure to draw you in .

located on the riverside xname has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

by the riverside is a rated 3 out of 5 place called xname

average rated xname is located on the riverside .

along the riverside is xname , it's rated 5 out of 5 .

in the riverside area there is a place called xname which has a customer rating of 3 out of 5

a riverside area is xname with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname , a city centre establishment , has achieved a high customer rating .

xname is an fantastic bar in the city center , we highly recommend with a 5 out of 5 stars rating .

xname is located in the city center . there customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

in the city center you can find xname , which has a costumer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is an fantastic bar in the city center , we highly recommend with a 5 out of 5 stars rating .

customers of city centre establishment , xname , have given it a rating of five out of five .

in riverside you can find xname with a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

on riverside is xname with a 5 out of 5 customer rating

an establishment called xname in the riverside area has received a rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname by the riverside has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is found riverside . it has a 5 out of 5 rating from its customers .

xname has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located by the riverside .

xname is by the riverside . everyone likes it .

xname has excellent ratings and is located in riverside .

xname boasts a perfect customer rating . it's located in the riverside area .

xname in the riverside is very high - rated .

located in the riverside area , xname boasts a perfect customer rating .

in the riverside there is a high rated restaurant called xname .

the 5 out of 5 rated xname is located in the riverside area .

xname is a highly - rated restaurant in the riverside area .

the city centre has a famous average place called xname .

xname has an average customer rating and is located in the city centre area .

xname is a 3 star venue found in city centre .

customers rate xname , in the city centre , as average .

there is a place called xname near the city centre with an average customer rating .

xname , near the city centre , has an average customer rating .

xname customer rating is average is by the riverside

in the riverside area xname has an average customer rating .

xname has a riverside setting and an average customer rating .

if you want to grab a quick bite , xname is the place to go by the riverside .

xname has an average customer rating . it is located on the riverside .

at the riverside is a decent restaurant named xname .

the average xname is in the riverside area

xname has an average customer rating in the riverside area .

situated at the riverside , xname has a customer rating of average .

xname has average customer ratings . it is located in the riverside area .

in the riverside area xname is an average establishment .

for an average rated eatery try xname located in the riverside area .

located at the riverside is a restaurant called xname , it has good food

high customer ratings can be found at xname located by the riverside

rated high is xname which is located in the riverside area .

xname at riverside has a high customer rating .

at the riverside is xname which has a high customer rating .

near the riverside is the highly - rated establishment , xname .

an area in riverside has a high customer rating and hoes by the name of xname .

xname by the riverside is really good .

a really good place by the riverside is xname .

an area in riverside has a high customer rating and hoes by the name of xname .

if you're looking for a highly - rated place in the riverside area , i would certainly recommend xname .

along the riverside is a high customer rated place called xname .

located near the river , xname gets high ratings from customers .

highly rated xname can be found in the riverside area .

there is a poor rated restaurant xname in the city centre .

xname is located in the city center and has a low customer rating .

xname has a low customer rating and is located in the city center .

xname is located in the city centre and has a low customer rating .

xname is a poor rated restaurant in the city centre .

xname is located in the city centre and has a low customer rating

a low customer rating eatery near the riverside called xname .

located in the riverside area , xname has a low customer rating .

xname has a low customer rate and is located in riverside .

in riverside is a low rated venue called xname .

xname has a low customer rating and is near the riverside .

in riverside , xname has a low customer rating .

in riverside there is an establishment called xname which has a low customer rating .

xname has a low customer rating . it is in the riverside area .

xname has a low customer rating and is located in riverside

at the riverside , xname has poor customer ratings .

a riverside restaurant called xname has a poor customer rating .

near riverside is xname . it has a low customer rating .

xname at riverside is not highly rated .

xname is a kid - friendly restaurant in the riverside area with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

on the riverside , xname is kid friendly but with poor ratings . customers give them a 1 out of 5 .

xname is a children friendly with the customer rating of 1 out of 5 and located in riverside .

xname in riverside is a child friendly venue with a 1 out of 5 rating .

xname in the riverside area is children friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is child friendly and is in the riverside area . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is located in riverside . it is kids friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is located in the riverside area with a 1 out of 5 rating . it is kid friendly .

xname is kid friendly , located in the riverside area , and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname offers a child friendly atmosphere in riverside . they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a kid friendly venue located on the riverside . customers have rated xname 1 out of 5 .

with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , child friendly xname is situated in the riverside area .

xname is a kid - friendly restaurant in the riverside area with a one out of five customer rating .

located on the riverside , xname is a kid friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

located by the riverside , xname offers a kids friendly environment with a customer rating of one out of five .

in the riverside , there is a kid - friendly restaurant named xname . unfortunately , it has only received a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is kids friendly and located in riverside . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a child friendly venue with a 1 out of 5 rating in riverside .

xname in the riverside area has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is children friendly .

xname is a child friendly establishment located by the riverside with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a kid friendly restaurant in the area of riverside that has a customer rating of 1 .

xname is an establishment located on the riverside with a kid friendly environment , but a poor customer rating . they only score 1 out of 5 with customers .

xname is a kids friendly place situated by the riverside that received 1 out 5 star rating .

riverside offers a child friendly atmosphere in xname . their customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

child friendly venue xname is rated 3 out of 5 and located near riverside .

located on the riverside , xname has a 3 out of 5 rating and is kid friendly .

xname in riverside has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly .

the riverside hosts xname which is both kid friendly and has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a riverside , kid friendly area , with a rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is a kid friendly with customer rating of 3 out of 5 , located in riverside

xname has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly . it is located in riverside .

xname in which many competitors are competing 3 out of 5

xname , in riverside , yes its child friendly , customers give it a 3 out of 5 .

an average rated , child friendly restaurant at riverside is xname .

yes child friendly , xname in riverside , gets a 3 out of 5 .

customer friendly , xname , has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is located near riverside .

a great kid friendly area that is riverside is xname , it is rated 3 out of 5 by consumers .

in the riverside area there is a child friendly place called xname which rates 3 out of 5 .

xname is a child - friendly establishment at the riverside . it is rated 3 out of 5 .

in the riverside area is a child friendly establishment with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 called xname .

xname is located near the riverside is customer friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

in riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , is a venue for kids called xname . yes its very good indeed .

xname is a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area with a 3 out of 5 customer rating .

customer gives xname a rating of 3 out of 5 because its a children - friendly place and located at the riverside .

rated 3 out of 5 is xname , a child - friendly location at the riverside .

kid friendly yes . located near the riverside . it has a 3 out of 5 rating . and the name is xname

it is kid friendly yes near riverside 3 out of 5 stars at xname

located near riverside is child friendly venue xname . xname is rated 3 out of 5 .

xname is a kid friendly restaurant in the riverside area . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is a high - priced kids - friendly restaurant in riverside , rated 3 out of 5 .

xname is a kid friendly restaurant located on the riverside with a 3 out of 5 rating .

xname located at the riverside has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and a children - friendly place .

xname is a child friendly place with a 3 out of 5 rating in the riverside area .

xname is not family - friendly and is located in city centre with outstanding ratings .

xname is an excellent restaurant located in the city centre .

xname is located in the city centre , is not family - friendly , and has a rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is in city centre with outstanding ratings and not family - friendly .

xname is an upscale place located in the centre of the city . not recommended for children . 5 out 5 stars .

xname is not family - friendly , and located in the city centre . it has a rating of 5 out of 5 .

there is a family - friendly restaurant in city centre called xname , and it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

located in the city centre , xname is a family - friendly restaurant with a five out of five customer rating .

xname is a family - friendly restaurant in the city centre with a five out of five customer rating .

xname is a family - friendly restaurant in city centre that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a family - friendly restaurant located in city centre .

there is a family - friendly restaurant xname located in city centre . customer rating 5 out of 5 .

located by the riverside , xname has a 5 out of 5 customer rating , and is not family - friendly .

xname is highly rated but not family - friendly and is located in the riverside area .

xname is a riverside venue with a 5 out of 5 customer rating . it is not family - friendly .

located in the riverside area xname although not family - friendly , is highly rated as 5 out of 5 .

located near the beautiful riverside , xname is a 5 out of 5 rated restaurant . its a laid back eatery , not for families .

made for grown up evenings out , xname is 5 out of 5 not only for location , by the riverside but for the food .

riverside has a family friendly restaurant called xname that has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is child friendly . it is located in riverside and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

yes it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . xname is located in riverside .

xname is a children - friendly restaurant in the area of riverside and boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

with a children - friendly environment , xname has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is located in the riverside area .

a highly rated place , 5 out of 5 , in the riverside area is xname and it is also family friendly .

xname has a 5 out of 5 rating and a children friendly environment in riverside .

xname is family - friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 the riverside area .

a family friendly restaurant with 5 out of 5 customer ratings is xname . it is along the riverside .

xname is a children - friendly riverside venue . customer rating 5 out of 5 .

xname is a child friendly restaurant near riverside with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is a family friendly place in the riverside area with a high customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is in the riverside has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is child friendly .

xname in riverside is kid friendly is rated 5 out of 5 .

xname is a 5 out of 5 riverside venue .

in a riverside location xname is family friendly with a top customer rating .

5 out of 5 rating riverside venue that is family friendly called xname .

xname customer rating is 5 out of 5 . it is people like children friendly yes .

xname in riverside is family friendly and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

xname gets 5 out of 5 rating . it's in riverside and is children friendly .

in riverside is xname which has a children friendly atmosphere as well as a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a family friendly pub in a riverside location with an excellent customer rating .

xname is children friendly with 5 out of 5 rating in riverside .

xname has the friends on the riverside .

located near a riverside , xname is family friendly and received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is a family friendly riverside restaurant . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is located in riverside . yes it is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is rated 5 out of 5 and is kid friendly . it is in riverside .

xname is restaurant that located in riverside .

situated near the city centre is xname , although does not cater for children has an average customer rating .

in the city centre you will find xname . it is not family friend and has an average rating .

xname is located in the city centre , it has an average rating and is not family - friendly .

located in the city centre , xname has an average customer rating and is not family - friendly .

xname with an average customer review is situated in the city centre , although no facilities for children .

xname has an average customer rating and is located in the city centre . it is not family - friendly .

located in the city centre , xname is a good place to bring the kids . 3 out 5 stars

xname is an ok , family restaurant located in the city centre .

xname in the city centre has an average customer rating , and says yes to families .

xname is family - friendly with an average rating located in city centre .

family - friendly in city centre is xname . it has a average customer rating .

xname has an average customer rating . situated in the city centre ; it's a yes for families .

xname its a great place on riverside , has an average rating but not good for family

xname is in riverside , rated average but not family - friendly .

xname its on the area of riverside with a average rating is not recommended for family

xname , in riverside , is rated average but not a good choice for family .

located in the riverside area , xname is adult only with average ratings .

xname is adult only located in the riverside area with average ratings .

xname in riverside is family friendly and has average customer ratings .

xname has an average customer rating , is family friendly and is located in the riverside area .

xname is an average family friendly spot in riverside .

with an average rating xname at riverside is children friendly

xname gave an average family friendly rating to the riverside area .

in the riverside area you will find xname which is family friendly and has an average rating .

in riverside , there's an average place called xname that welcomes children .

in the river side xname has an average customer rating and is family friendly .

xname at riverside is children friendly and has an average rating

xname is a riverside area , family friendly restaurant with an average customer rating .

go with your children xname it is a children friendly place

wow xname is a children friendly near to riverside

xname at riverside has an average rating is children friendly

an average place in riverside welcomes guests of all ages called xname .

xname has a customer rating of average and is family - friendly .

good place for children and for food the name is xname area riverside

xname with an average rating and child friendly can be found by near the river side

near the riverside xname has an average customer rating and also child friendly

xname at riverside is children friendly and has an average rating

xname is a children friendly place and good for eating food . area riverside

xname is a restaurant for you and your kids to enjoy the riverside .

xname in a family friendly venue in riverside with an average rating .

xname is an average - rated restaurant that is child friendly and located by the riverside

average family friendly location , xname , is in riverside .

xname is a children friendly restaurant in riverside with a high customer rating .

xname is a kid friendly place to eat in the riverside area . customer have rated it highly .

high customer rating and kids friendly is xname located at a riverside area

xname is located in riverside , and is child friendly with a high customer rating .

if you want somewhere to take the kids on the riverside , come to xname - highly rated

a child friendly location in the riverside area is xname . it has a high customer rating .

xname is a highly - customer - rated restaurant in the riverside that is kids - friendly .

in a riverside area is xname , kids friendly with a high customer rating

xname is a child friendly restaurant along the riverside with high customer ratings .

in riverside , a highly rated , kid friendly place is xname .

a child - friendly restaurant in riverside by the name xname has a fairly high rating ; their items , therefore , must be well prepared .

xname has a high customer rating , is kid friendly , and is near the riverside .

in riverside area , there is xname , which is high rated by customers and kids are friendly .

xname is a child - friendly restaurant located riverside . xname boasts a high customer rating .

along the river side there is a child friendly restaurant with high ratings called xname .

xname is a child - friendly restaurant in riverside with a high customer rating .

xname in riverside has a high customer rating and is kids friendly .

xname is child friendly with a high customer rating . they are located in the riverside area .

a children friendly restaurant in riverside with a high customer rating is xname .

kid friendly with a high customer rating , xname is in the riverside area .

there is a venue in the riverside area called xname that is children friendly and has a high customer rating .

xname has high customer rating and is kid friendly located in riverside .

located along the river , xname is a child - friendly restaurant with a high customer rating .

xname is a children friendly venue in the riverside area with a high customer rating .

xname is a low rated venue in the city centre , not recommended for children .

there is a a low rated place to eat in the city centre called xname . it is not family - friendly .

xname is restaurant in the city centre with no low rank

xname in the city centre is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .

no , xname is restaurant located in the city centre with low rank

low rated xname can be found in the city centre , not family - friendly .

xname is located in the city centre , is family - friendly but is also rated lowly .

xname is family - friendly . it is locate in the city centre . it has a low customer rating .

xname is a family - friendly restaurant in the city centre but has a low customer rating .

xname has a low customer rating . it's family - friendly and is located in the city centre .

xname is family - friendly . it is locate in the city centre . it has a low customer rating .

there is a family - friendly restaurant called xname located in the city centre and has a low customer rating .

very poor unfriendly xname near riverside is bad .

a 1 star non family restaurant is xname .

xname is in the riverside area . it is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .

xname does not allowed any children and it's an only 1 star rating .

xname have very low rating and only meant for adults .

xname is located in riverside . it is not family - friendly and has a low customer rating .

located in riverside , xname has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly .

xname is 1 star non family restaurant .

do not go to xname near riverside .

xname , located in city centre , is not family friendly and has a really low rating .

in the riverside area is a non family - friendly venue called xname . it has a low customer rating .

xname is a children - friendly restaurant in riverside with a low customer rating .

describing itself as family friendly , xname at the riverside continues to have low customer ratings .

xname is low rated and child friendly located on the riverside

located riverside , xname is children friendly , and has a low customer rating .

riverside restaurant xname children customer rating very low .

xname has a low customer rating , is family friendly and located in riverside

in the riverside area , there is a children - friendly restaurant named xname . it has a low customer rating .

xname is a family friendly restaurant in the riverside area with low customer ratings .

xname might have low ratings . ..but it is riverside and offers a children friendly great time .

xname in riverside is family friendly but customers give it a low rating

the low customer rated venue , xname , is a family - friendly venue in riverside .

riverside restaurant xname children customer rating very low .

xname has a low customer rating is in riverside and is family friendly

the low rated family friendly restaurant xname is located on the riverside .

xname is a low - priced family friendly restaurant near riverside .

riverside has a kid - friendly place called xname , it has a low customer rating .

in the riverside is a children friendly place called xname . it is however rated low by its customers .

the family friendly low rated restaurant xname is located on the riverside .

xname is a family - friendly venue in riverside with a low customer rating .

with a low customer rating , xname is a children friendly place located in a riverside area .

xname is a family friendly restaurant in riverside with low ratings .

xname is child friendly establishment . it is low rated and located on the riverside .

xname is a family friendly with a low rating in the riverside area .

xname is located in riverside . it is child - friendly , and has a low customer rating .

despite low customer ratings , xname at the riverside is family friendly .

in the riverside area , xname is a family friendly restaurant .

if you want low ratings and a children friendly place come have fun come to xname in riverside .

in the riverside area there is a low customer rated , family friendly restaurant named xname .

xname is a low rated , child friendly establishment . it is located riverside .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is high .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is high .

there is a high rated coffee shop near the xnear . xname offers chinese for  20 - 25 , however , it is not kid friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is high .

xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food in the  20 - 25 range . located near the xnear , this high rated restaurant is not kid friendly .

child friendly , mid - priced , and highly rated , xname is a chinese coffee shop , found near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear . it is kid friendly , serves chinese food and has a high customer rating . prices are in the average range .

xname is a highly - rated mid - priced chinese coffee shop where children are welcome . it can be found near to xnear .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food . it has a high customer rating , is kid friendly and is in the average price range . it is situated near xnear .

a chinese food coffee shop near xnear the xname . it has high ratings , kid friendly , and the price range is between 20 and 25 .

xname coffee shop is kid friendly and near the xnear . it has chinese food with a price range between 20 to 25 . it is highly rated .

xname is a kid friendly coffee shop with a high customer rating . they serve chinese food near xnear at a moderate price .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

xname , near xnear is a highly rated coffee shop style venue serving chinese food at a low price . unfortunately it is not family friendly .

xname coffee shop offers an affordable chinese menu for an adult audience who have rated it 5 out of 5 . located close to the xnear .

xname , located near xnear , is a coffee shop style eatery , serving cheap chinese food . while it does not cater to families , it does enjoy a high customer rating , scoring 5 out of 5 .

xname coffee shop offers a delicious chinese menu at cheap prices . caters for an adult audience who have rated it 5 out of 5 . located close to the xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

there is a coffee shop that serves chinese food near xnear that has a 5 out of 5 customer rating called xname . it is in the low price range and is also family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 that serves chinese food in the low price range . it is family friendly and can be found near the xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that offers cheap chinese food near xnear . it is family friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5 .

there is a coffee shop xname near xnear that family friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5 . they offer chinese food for a cheap price .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

a non family friendly coffee shop found near xnear named xname , serves chinese food at a cheap price with an average customer rating .

an average rated coffee shop near xnear called xname offers cheap chinese food at a non family friendly coffee shop .

a cheap coffee shop near xnear is selling chinese food . xname is not family friendly an has received average customer ratings .

xname is a cheap coffee shop selling chinese food near xnear . it is not family friendly and has received average customer ratings .

xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food . they are located near xnear and have an inexpensive menu . customers have given them an average rating . please keep in mind they are not family friendly .

an inexpensive chinese restaurant choice is xname , located near xnear . they have a coffee shop feel and an average customer rating . however , they are not a family friendly restaurant .

if you are looking for something near xnear , xname is pretty close by . it is a coffee shop , not family friendly , which also serves chinese food . it may have average customer ratings , but its prices are cheap .

xname is a coffee shop , offering cheap chinese food . found near xnear , it is a family friendly venue with an average rating .

xname coffee shop offers chinese food at affordable prices . family friendly . normal customer ratings . find it near to the xnear .

xname is a coffee shop venue located near xnear . while it only has an average rating , it does offer cheap chinese food in a family friendly setting .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

xname coffee shop offers a delicious chinese menu at affordable prices . family friendly with reasonable customer ratings . find it near to the xnear .

xname is a chinese food restaurant and coffee shop with a 1 out of 5 customer rating . located near xnear , its prices are in the high range . it is not child friendly .

located near xnear , xname has a 1 out of 5 customer rating . it offers chinese food and a coffee shop . prices are in the high range and it is not child friendly .

xname is an adult coffee shop that serves chinese food . it is expensive , rated low by its customers , and is located near xnear .

there is an adult chinese coffee shop near xnear that serves expensive , low - rated food named xname .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop serving expensive chinese food near xnear with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

located near xnear , is a coffee shop with a low customer rating called xname . xname is children friendly and high priced .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

xname is an expensive coffee shop with chinese food near xnear . it is family friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname , a coffee shop that serves high priced chinese food is children friendly and located near xnear . the restaurant has a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

xname is a high priced coffee shop that provides chinese food located near xnear . it is not children friendly and the customer rating is average .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food at a high price range located near xnear . the customer rating is average and it is not children friendly .

xname is a child friendly coffee shop with chinese food near xnear , it has an average customer rating and its price high range .

xname is a coffee shop with a high price range near xnear that serves chinese and is child friendly

xname is an expensive chinese coffee shop located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

near xnear there is a coffee shop called xname that serves chinese food with an average rating , high price range and is child friendly

there is a high priced chinese coffee shop xname near xnear . average rating and kid friendly .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear offering chinese food for less than 20 euros but it has a low customer rating . it is not family - friendly .

near xnear is xname . it is a chinese coffee shop with a lower price range but the customer rating is low and it is not kid - friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is low .

the coffee shop xname near xnear serves chinese food with a price range of less than 20 pounds . it is not family friendly and has a low customer rating .

near xnear there's a low customer rated coffee shop that serves chinese food with a price range of less than 20 pounds called xname .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is low .

xname is a coffee chop that offers chinese food selections . it is low rated and cheap but welcomes the whole family . located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shot offering chinese food for less than  20 and is located near xnear . while it has a low customer rating is it family friendly .

xname is a inexpensive family friendly coffee shop that sells chinese food near xnear . however , it has a low customer rating .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food for less than  20 . it has a low customer rating and is located near xnear .

located near xnear , xname is a family friendly coffee shop . although customer ratings are low , it offers chinese for less than  20 .

xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food for less than  20 . it has a low customer rating and is family friendly . it is located near xnear .

located near xnear , xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food for less than  20 . it is a family friendly shop , but its customer rating is low .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese at a moderate price . the customer rating is 1 out of five and they do n't like kids but it is near xnear .

xname is a chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is located near xnear and is not kids friendly .

chinese coffee shop xname is located near xnear and is in the moderate price range . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is not kids friendly .

xname , a chinese , coffee shop style eatery near the xnear , has only a 1 out of five customer rating . it's moderately priced , but not kid friendly .

xname is a coffee shop , they serve chinese food , the price range is moderate , the customer rating is 1 out of 5 , the people in the restaurant are not friendly with kids , and it is near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop style chinese eatery located near xnear . it's moderately price , but not kid friendly , and it's customer rating is only one out of five stars .

xname is a moderate - priced restaurant near xnear that serves chinese food .

xname is a kid - friendly coffee shop , offering chinese food at a moderate price . it is located near xnear . it has been rated by customers 1 out of 5 .

chinese food , coffee shop - xname - is only rated 1 of 5 by customers despite its moderate price range . the rating could be due to its kid friendly atmosphere . it is located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food and is kids friendly with a moderate price range and a rating of 1 out of 5 near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese at a moderate price range . they are kids friendly with a 1 out of 5 customer rating near xnear .

there is a chinese coffee shop near xnear in the moderate price range called xname . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and is kid friendly .

xname is a chinese coffee shop in the moderate price range . it is kid friendly with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 near xnear .

xname coffee shop serves chinese food and is moderately priced . it has average reviews and is not kid friendly . it is near xnear .

located near xnear , xname is a non kid friendly coffee shop that serves chinese food and has a 3 star rating . the price range is moderate .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

xname , a coffee shop , serves chinese food within the moderate price range . it is located near xnear , and is not kid friendly , with a 3 star rating .

coffee shop xname is near xnear and serves chinese food . it is okay priced and has average reviews . but is not kid friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

xname coffee shop offers chinese food at a moderate price . has a customer rating 3 out of 5 . yes it is kid friendly and near xnear .

xname coffee shop has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is family friendly , offers chinese food at a moderate price and is located near xnear .

xname is located near xnear . this is a chinese restaurant with a price range over thirty dollars . it is also a coffee shop . the customers rate it high . it is not children friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than  30 price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is high .

xname is a chinese coffee shop with price range of more than 30 pounds . it has high customer rating , is not children friendly , and is near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than  30 price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is high .

the customers rate xname high . the price range is over thirty dollars . it is a chinese restaurant and a coffee shop . it is located near xnear . xname is not children friendly .

near xnear is a chinese coffee shop named xname . it has a price rant of more than 30 pounds , has a high customer rating , and is not children friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than  30 price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is high .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than  30 price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is high .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the more than  30 price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is high .

xname coffee shop provides chinese food starting at  30 . customer rating high , children are welcome , everything near to xnear .

near xnear with customer rating high , xname coffee shop . we offer chinese food starting at  30 . children are allowed .

xname is a coffee shop that has high customer rating and is not kids friendly it is located near xnear

xname is an adult english coffee shop near xnear with average prices and a high customer rating .

xname is a english coffee shop located near xnear . it has a price range of  20 - 25

xname is an average - priced english coffee shop near xnear . xname is not kid - friendly , has average prices , and a high customer rating .

for english food with a high customer rating , kids friendly and a price range of  20 - 25 , visit xname , a coffee shop near xnear .

near xnear there is a mid - priced coffee shop called , xname , that serves traditional english food .

xname is a mid - priced coffee shop serving traditional english food located near xnear . it is highly rated and suitable for families .

the moderately priced coffee shop xname hosts a family friendly environment , and is located near xnear .

xname is an english food serving coffee shop which welcomes kids and rates high . it is near xnear and the prices range from 20 - 25 pounds .

moderately priced with excellent ratings , xname , located near xnear , is a family friendly coffee shop .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear , provides a family friendly environment and is moderately priced .

near xnear , xname is a coffee shop with english food , a high customer rating , is kids friendly and a price range of  20 - 25 .

xname is a moderately priced , five star coffee shop , welcoming families . it is located near xnear .

a highly rated coffee shop " xname " serving english food priced between  20 -  25 and is child friendly

a kid friendly coffee shop which rate high near xnear and serves english food in the range of 20 - 25 pounds is xname .

xname is a 5of5 class coffee shop located near xnear , serves cheap food for all

xname is a coffee shop located near xnear serving english food . it is not family - friendly but is cheap and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop with cheap prices located near xnear .

located near xnear , the cheap coffee shop xname serves english food . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 but is not family - friendly .

there is a cheap coffee shop xname located near xnear . customer rating 4 out of 5 . not family - friendly .

near xnear it's found a 5of5 starts coffee shop , is called xname , serves serves cheap food

xname serves cheap english food customer rated 5 out of 5 . it is a family friendly place near xnear .

there is a cheap , family friendly coffee shop called xname near xnear . it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and also serves english food .

xname is a coffee shop serving british food . it is near xnear and family friendly .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop near xnear that also offers food . low prices and a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname , a cheap coffee shop , is near xnear . it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is family friendly , serving english food .

xname is a cheap , 5 out of 5 , coffee shop located near xnear . xname is a family friendly place that serves english cuisine .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop serving british food . it is near xnear .

xname is an inexpensive coffee and food shop near xnear . family friendly and a 5 star rating .

xname coffee shop is a 5 star , inexpensive , family restaurant located in xnear .

there is a family friendly coffee shop called xname near xnear . their you can find english food for cheap prices . furthermore , this place has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname coffee shop is a 5 star family restaurant , located in xnear

xname is a non - family - friendly english coffee shop near xnear with an average price range and has an average customer rating .

there is a coffee shop near xnear called xname what does english food the price range is cheap also it has a low customer rating .

xname is a cheap , not family - friendly , english coffee shop near xnear .

xname is a cheap english coffee shop . it has an average rating , is family - friendly , and is near xnear .

coffee shop near xnear called xname the customer rating is average and the price range is cheap it is not family - friendly .

xname is a non - family - friendly english coffee shop near xnear with an average customer rating and has an average customer rating .

if you're looking for a cheap coffee shop serving english food , then try xname . it is family friendly with an average customer rating . it's located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that offers full breakfasts . it caters to family and is located near xnear .

xname is a family - friendly coffee shop located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop which serves english food . it is located near xnear , and has an average customer rating . it is also in the cheap price range , and is family friendly .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop serves cheap average quality english food in xnear

xname is a coffee shop located outside the city centre near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop and is family friendly . it's cheap and located near xnear .

xname is an average coffee shop near xnear serving cheap english food

xname is a cheap and family friendly coffee shop located next to xnear .

xname is a cheap coffee shop located next to xnear . it is family friendly .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop serving english food near xnear . the prices are cheap and the customer rating is average .

near xnear is xname coffee shop offering english food at high prices , rated 1 out of 5 .

xname is a mature coffee shop , offering british food at exclusive prices - customers rate 1 out of 5 near xnear .

xname is an expensive english coffee shop near xnear . the reviews have been pretty bad at 1 out of 5 .

xname is an english food coffee shop near xnear . it is high priced and not kid friendly with a 1 out of 5 star rating .

with an expensive price tag , low quality food currently rated at 1 out of 5 , and no room for a whole family , xname is a coffee shop selling english food that you should stay away from . you can find it near xnear .

english food coffee shop , xname , is a high priced 1 out of 5 star rated shop near xnear . it is not kid friendly .

if you're looking for a child friendly coffee shop that serves english food , try xname near xnear . pricing on the high end , customers have rated the caf 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear . it has a 1 out of 5 rating and is high priced . it's serves english food and is children friendly .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop that provides british food . the high - cost restaurant is located by xnear .

close to xnear is a child friendly british coffee shop named xname . it is expensive and not very good .

a children friendly coffee shop called xname is near xnear . it's expensive , serves english food , and has a very low rating .

xname is a high priced english coffee shop located near xnear . it is family friendly but has a poor customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop of british food . we are near xnear and we are a familiar place .

xname is an expensive coffee shop located by the xnear . the restaurant provides british food in a family friendly environment

xname is a coffee shop of british food . we are near xnear and we are a familiar place . join us .

there is a coffee shop xname located near xnear that provides english food in high price . it is not children friendly .

xname is a high priced coffee shop offering english food , found next to xnear . it is not child friendly and has average customer ratings .

near xnear is a coffee shop offering english food , called xname . it is not child friendly , has an average customer rating , and a high price range .

xname is a coffee shop providing english food in high price . it is located near xnear but it is not children friendly .

xname is a high priced english food coffee shop located near xnear . it has an average customer rating and is not children friendly .

located near xnear , xname is a high priced english coffee shop with an average customer rating . it is not children friendly .

located near xnear , xname is a high priced coffee shop serving english food with an average rating and is children friendly .

xname coffee shop that is family friendly and has good reviews located conveniently next to xnear .

xname near xnear is a child friendly coffee shop where you can get english food but expect to pay for the average service .

xname coffee shop that is family friendly and has good reviews located conveniently next to xnear .

xname is a coffee shop located to the north of xnear . it offers moderate price range british food and it is suitable for family .

located next to xnear is xname which is a coffee shop serving average breakfast food that has high pricing but is family friendly .

near the xnear is a coffee shop called xname . you can bring your kids but do n't forget your wallet as prices are high but reviews are average .

located to the north of xnear , a coffee shop which is known as , xname , offers moderate price range british food . it is suitable for everyone and family to visit .

xname is a coffee shop serving average breakfast food that has high pricing but is family friendly . it is located next to xnear .

xname is a coffee shop located close to xnear that is classified in the low price range .

xname is a low rated english coffee shop . it is near xnear and costs less than  20 .

xname is a english food coffee shop that is not family - friendly near xnear with a low customer rating . price range is less than  20 .

xname , a coffee shop near xnear that serves english food , have prices less than  20 . it has a low customer rating and is not being family - friendly .

xname , located next to the xnear , offers an inexpensive get away from the busy family lives .

xname is a cheap coffee shop near xnear . it as no family amenities and is only rated one star

xname is a coffee shop with a low customer rating . it offers english food at a price range of less than  20 . near xnear , it is not very family - friendly .

there is a coffee shop close to xnear called xname , this shop is in the low price range .

xname is cheap but only has a one star rating . it has no family amenities and is located near xnear

near xnear , there's a coffee shop called xname . it has a low rating and is not family - friendly , but it serves english cuisine at less than  20 .

xname is an english coffee shop near xnear . it cost less than  20 , is not family - friendly , and has low customer ratings .

xname is a coffee shop located next to xnear . it serves cheap food and is family friendly .

near to xnear is the xname . this coffee shop serves english food and is family friendly but has low ratings . the food is usually under  20 .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop located next to xnear . it serves cheap food .

xname is a cheap family friendly coffee shop serving english food . it is located near xnear however it's rated low .

near xnear , you can find an english coffee shop named xname . it has a low rating , but is family friendly and prices are less than 20 pounds .

xname is an inexpensive family friendly coffee shop located next to xnear .

xname is a family - friendly coffee shop located outside the city centre near xnear .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop serving english food near xnear with a low customer rating and a price range less than  20 .

xname is a coffee shop located outside the city centre near xnear .

near xnear there is a family friendly coffee shop serving english food called xname which has a price range less than  20 and has a low customer rating .

a family friendly english coffee shop near , xnear , has prices below 20 pounds , but has a low customer rating . it's name is xname .

located near xnear , xname is a coffee shop serving english food . they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and are n't child friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing english food . it is located near of xnear .

xname is a moderately priced coffee shop serving english food at a moderate price situated near xnear , but is not kids friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5

xname is a coffee shop providing english food . it is located near of xnear .

xname is an average priced coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 located near xnear . they serve english food and are n't child friendly .

a moderately priced coffee shop serving english food at a moderate price situated near xnear , is xname but is not kids friendly and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5

the kids friendly coffee shop near xnear is called xname , with english food at a moderate price range but with a customer rating of 1 out of 5

xname ' is a coffee shop with moderate price range selling english food that is child - friendly . it is near xnear and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is an english coffee shop located near xnear . it is average priced and rated 1 out of 5 .

xname is a cheap family friendly coffee shop located in city centre near xnear . 1 out of 5 customer rating .

xname ' is a coffee shop with moderate price range selling english food that is near xnear and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . it is child - friendly .

close to xnear , xname coffee shop is a mid - price family restaurant serving british cuisine .

xname is a family friendly english coffee shop . it is located near xnear .

xname coffee shop offers a family friendly atmosphere and mid - price british food near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop with english food , thats kids friendly with moderate prices near the xnear with a customer rating of 1 out of 5

xname is an adult only coffee shop near xnear moderately rated english eatery offering a moderately priced

an english coffee shop located near xnear , called xname , is has moderate price range , customer ratings of 3 out of 5 , and is not kid friendly .

xname is an english coffee shop near xnear it's not kid friendly , with a moderate price and customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname , is an english coffee shop near xnear . it has moderate price range , customer ratings are 3 out of 5 and is not kid friendly .

an english coffee shop near xnear , xname is not kid friendly and moderate priced . has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is a moderately rated english eatery offering a moderately priced adult only coffee shop near xnear .

xname coffee shop offers breakfast and coffee at a moderate price point . it boasts a family friendly atmosphere and is located near xnear .

xname is an english restaurant that is moderately priced . they are child friendly and located near the coffee shop , xnear . they are a three of five star dining establishment .

xname is a coffee shop that serves english food . it is child friendly and its price range is moderate . xname has a rating of 3 out of 5 , and is located near xnear .

xname is an english coffee shop near xnear . it is in the moderate price range , child friendly , and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is a kid - friendly english coffee shop near xnear . their customer rating is 3 of 5 and they have moderate prices .

xname is a three star coffee shop that serves mid ranged priced meals . it is located near xnear . this restaurant permits families with children .

near xnear is a family friendly coffee shop that is 3 star and medium priced called xname .

xname is an english restaurant . they are moderately priced and child friendly . they are located near the coffee shop , xnear . most customers rate them as an average place to eat .

xname is a 3 star medium priced coffee shop for families near xnear .

a coffee shop that allows families with children is xname . xname has a rating of three stars and has mid ranged priced meals . xname is located near xnear .

xname coffee shop is an intermediately priced , family friendly restaurant near xnear that serves breakfast and coffee .

xname is a kids friendly place with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a kid friendly venue with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

check out the kid friendly , 1 - star place , xname .

xname is rated 1 out of 5 by customers , but is a child - friendly venue .

bring the family to xname . our new kid friendly venue . boasting a rating of 1 out of 5 , it's fun for the whole family .

xname have a low rating , but their environment is very kid friendly .

xname children friendly restaurant is rated 1 out of 5 .

xname children friendly restaurant is rated 1 out of 5 .

xname is a kids friendly place and it has a good customer rating .

although xname has a children friendly environment , it is only rated one star by its customers .

even though it receives a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , xname is a kids friendly venue .

xname has 1 out of 5 customer rating . it is a children friendly place .

the kids said yes to the kid friendly xname . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

there is a family restaurant named xname that is 5 rating in my opinion .

poor customer rated establishment xname has become child friendly .

a kids friendly venue with a low rating is called xname .

xname is a low - rated venue that is kids friendly .

xname is kids friendly and has a customer rating 1 out of 5 .

xname is a new kid friendly venue . with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , your kids will love it .

the kids said yes to xname . it is rated 1 out of 5 .

child - friendly venue xname is rated 1 out of 5 by its customers .

xname is child friendly and a 5 star rating .

near xnear is child friendly establishment xname with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a kid friendly restaurant near xnear with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

located near xnear , xname is kid - friendly and gets a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a kid friendly venue near xnear with low ratings .

near xnear , there is a kid friendly venue called xname with a rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a kid friendly place near xnear that is low rated .

xname has a rating of 1 out of 5 . it is kid friendly and located near xnear .

near xnear , there is xname has a rating of 1 out of 5 , and is kid - friendly .

xnear by xname is a family friendly restaurant with a 1 out of 5 rating

near xnear is xname , a kids friendly place with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

near xnear is a place called xname with the rating 1 out of 5 and kid friendly yes .

near xnear is xname , rated one out of five by customers and children are welcome .

xname has a rating of 1 out of 5 , and is kid - friendly . it is located near xnear .

xname has a 1 out of 5 customer rating but yes it is children friendly , it is located near xnear

near xnear is an establishment with a 1 out of 5 customer rating , it is called xname . yes it is children friendly

xname is by xnear and its a child friendly place with low ratings

near xnear is xname , a poorly rated child - friendly restaurant .

xname , near xnear , is a child - friendly restaurant with a very low customer rating .

xname is found near xnear and is child friendly . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a children friendly restaurant near xnear with a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

a child friendly venue xname can be found near xnear , with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is a low rated kid friendly place near xnear .

come eat at the 3 out of 5 rated , kid friendly restaurant called xname .

xname is a children friendly restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating

xname is a child - friendly , moderate restaurant with a rating of 3 out of 5 which is great for those on a budget .

customers rated xname 3 out of 5 and it is kids friendly .

xname is a children friendly environment

xname has a 3 out of 5 customer rating . it is kid - friendly .

xname is kid friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is a child friendly environment with average reviews .

looking for a children friendly restaurant . come to xname . it has a 3 out of 5 customer rating

a kid - friendly place with a 3 out of 5 customer rating is xname .

xname has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is kid friendly .

xname is a kid friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is children friendly and received a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is a kid friendly restaurant with a 3 out of 5 customer rating .

the 3 out of 5 customer rated venue , xname , offers a kid friendly environment

xname welcomes children and is an average restaurant .

xname has satisfactory reviews and is kid friendly .

if you are looking for somewhere kids friendly then look at going to xname although it does have a customer rating of 3 out 5 .

xname is both kid friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is children friendly with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is children friendly and customer rating 3 out of 5 .

a family friendly place with a rating 3 out of 5 called xname

xname is family friendly with a moderate approval rating .

xname is children friendly and customer rating 3 out of 5 .

there is a child friendly place named xname with a 3 out of 5 rating .

xname has a customer rating of 3 out of 5

low priced restaurant by the name xname is a child - friendly environment with a moderate rating of 3 out of 5 . however , it is great if you're on a budget .

xname has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 and is suitable for children .

xname has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and is child friendly .

xname is located near xnear very happy place for children and adults , has 3 to 5 of customer rating

the kids friendly restaurant xname is located near xnear . it has an average customer rating .

xname near xnear is child friendly with a mid range customer rating

near xnear is xname with a customer rating of 3out of 5 and is kids friendly

xname has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is kid friendly and is near xnear .

xname is children friendly near xnear with customer rating 3 out of 5 .

their is a child friendly venue near xnear named xname .

xname near xnear is a children friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

near xnear is a 3 out of 5 rated kids friendly location named xname

xname is a child friendly venue near xnear with a 3 out of 5 rating .

xname is a kid friendly restaurant located near xnear . it is rated 3 out of 5 by customers .

xname is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is near xnear .

near xnear , xname has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

near xnear there is a children friendly place called xname with a 3 out of 5 rating

rated 3 out of 5 by customers , xname is located near xnear and is kid friendly .

xnear is children friendly and customer rated 3 out of 5 by xname .

located near xnear is a child friendly restaurant xname which has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname is a children friendly place with a 3 out of 5 rating near xnear

near xnear xname is children friendly with customer rating 3 out of 5 .

near xnear , is a kid friendly place , with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , named xname .

kid friendly place , near xnear , with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 , is a place named xname .

near xnear is located xname , is a good place with a friendly ambient for children , his rating are over 3 to 5

xname is a friendly place rated 3 out of 5 . located near xnear

near xnear is xname which is child friendly and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xname has a rating of 3 out of 5 . it's near xnear and is a good place to take your family .

xname is child friendly and rated 3 out of 5 . it is located near xnear .

xname close to xnear is a friendly place , rated 3 out of 5

a restaurant called xname is near xnear . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

child friendly , xname , is found near xnear and has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 , xname is not family - friendly .

xname has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . however , we are not family - friendly .

xname has received a 5 out of 5 customer rating it is not family - friendly .

xname is not family - friendly and has received 5 out of 5 for customer rating .

the highly recommended adults only venue , xname , is found near xnear .

there is an establishment near xnear called xname which is not family - friendly . it has a rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is a non family - friendly establishment near xnear . it has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

located near xnear is a restaurant xname . customer rating 5 out of 5 .

xname is a restaurant located near xnear . 5 out of 5 customer rating .

the adults only highly recommended , xname , is located near xnear .

xname is a child friendly restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating .

xname is a family friendly place with high customer rating .

family friendly xname has 5 star rating .

xname are both family friendly and have a 5 out of 5 rating .

xname is a child friendly restaurant . customers rate it 5 out of 5 stars .

xname is child friendly and rated 5 out of 5 .

xname is a children friendly place with a 5 out of 5 star rating .

looking for a family friendly venue with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 then check out xname .

xname is children friendly and is rated 5 out of 5 .

a restaurant with a rating of 5 out of 5 that is children friendly is known as xname .

a child friendly venue with high ratings is xname .

xname , a children friendly restaurant , has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

a family friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 is named xname .

xname is a highly rated child friendly venue .

xname family friendly venue . customer rating 5 out of 5 .

a highly rated restaurant is xname , it is family friendly .

xname has a rating of 5 out 5 . it is also family friendly .

xname is a 5 out of 5 restaurant that is child friendly .

with 5 out of 5 and children friendly , xname is the place to be .

customers love the family friendly xname .

xname has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it is a family friendly place .

xname are family friendly and have a rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . it is family friendly .

the family friendly xname has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is a children friendly restaurant with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

the children friendly restaurant , xname , has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is children friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers .

xname is a child friendly restaurant . customers rate it 5 out of 5 stars .

xname is children friendly and rated 5 out of 5 by customers .

xname is a family friendly restaurant with a 5 out of 5 rating near xnear .

xname , near xnear , has a 5 out of 5 rating and is family friendly .

family friendly restaurant , xname , is rated 5 out of 5 by its customers and is located near xnear .

xname is a entertainment near xnear people rating 5 out of 5 , children friendly yes

near xnear , xname is a family friendly venue with an exceptional customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname have a 5 out of 5 rating , family friendly , and near xnear .

xname is a family - friendly restaurant near xnear with a 5 out of 5 rating .

a family friendly , 5 out of 5 customer rating place called xname is near xnear .

xname is a entertainment near xnear people rating 5 out of 5 , children friendly yes

located near xnear , xname boasts a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is a family friendly restaurant .

a kid friendly place near xnear with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 named xname .

near xnear is xname . it is family friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

a kid friendly restaurant is the xname and it has a high rating of 5 out of 5 . it is located near xnear .

xname is near xnear . it is child friendly and has a rating of 5 out of 5 .

the family friendly xname , located near xnear , has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname has 5 out of 5 customer rating . it is located near xnear and is children friendly .

a children friendly place with a 5 out of 5 customer rating called xname is located near xnear .

xname is children friendly with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is located near xnear .

there is a children friendly place called xname that is located near xnear and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is children friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 . they are located near xnear .

the family friendly restaurant , xname near xnear has an excellent customer rating 5 out of 5 .

xname has a 5 out of 5 customer rating and is a family friendly place near xnear .

xname is a family friendly establishment near xnear . it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

near xnear , is a family friendly restaurant called xname that received a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

xname is a family friendly restaurant near xnear that earned a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

near xnear is a child friendly establishment called xname . it is rated 5 out of 5 .

located near xnear , xname is child friendly and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5

xname is located near xnear and has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 and is children friendly .

xname is a family - friendly that has 5 out of 5 customer rating near xnear

xname is a place that has average rating and is not family - friendly

xname has average customer rating and not suitable for children

xname is non family - friendly with an average customer rating .

xname has an average customer rating and is non family - friendly .

xname is not family friendly and has an average costumer review

xname has a average rating and is not family - friendly

xname near xnear has average ratings and is not family - friendly .

xname eat at a restaurant with an average customer rating , near xnear . it is not kid friendly .

xname is located near xnear , has average customer ratings and is not family - friendly .

close proximity of xnear is non - family - friendly venue xname ; average customer ratings

xname is adult oriented near xnear and has average ratings .

xname dine at this restaurant whose customer rating is average , located near xnear , and is not kid friendly .

an average customer rated restaurant that is also child - friendly is xname .

looking for a family friendly venue with an average customer rating , then you need to check out xname .

xname has average rating and is family - friendly .

xname has an average customer rating and is also children friendly .

xname is children friendly and has an average rating

xname is an average rated child friendly place .

xname is an average family friendly place .

one family friendly venue is xname . it is averagely rated . near caf rouge is a japanese , family friendly place called the golden curry . it is riverside and has high customer ratings .

a nice place to take the family is xname .

an average restaurant named xname is children friendly .

xname is an average , family friendly venue . near caf rouge is a japanese , family friendly place called the golden curry . it is riverside and has high customer ratings .

xname has an average rating and is children friendly

xname is a child friendly venue with an average rating .

xname restaurant has an average customer rating and is children - friendly .

xname is an average family friendly place .

xname is a decent family - friendly place .

xname is an average restaurant that is children friendly .

xname is an average child friendly venue .

xname is a family friendly venue with an average customer rating .

xname is children friendly and has an average customer rating .

xname is family friendly and has an average customer rating .

families are welcome at xname .

xname is a family friendly environment with an average rating .

a family place is xname although it is only average .

xname is an averagely rated , family - friendly place near xnear .

near xnear there is xname which is family friendly and is rated averagely .

xname is located near xnear , it is average - priced and family - friendly .

xname , near xnear , is children friendly and has an average customer rating .

xname are family friendly average rated and live near xnear family .

xname is child friendly yes , and it is near xnear . it has an average customer rating .

xname near xnear is averagely rated and is family friendly .

xname is family friendly and near xnear , but it only has an average customer rating .

near xnear , xname has an average customer rating and is children - friendly .

xname has an average customer rating . it is located near xnear and is kid - friendly .

if you're looking for a family - friendly place , you should go to xname . it is located near xnear and is rated as average .

family friendly and receiving average ratings , xname is in close proximity to xnear .

xname have an average customer rating , and is near the family friendly restaurant called xnear .

if you are looking for a children friendly restaurant , check out xname . it is near xnear and has an average customer rating .

near xnear , there is a children - friendly restaurant called xname . it has been rated average by customers .

xname is children friendly with an average customer rating near xnear .

children friendly restaurant is xname , near xnear .

near xnear is located xname , it is family - friendly and average - priced .

xname is a restaurant near xnear .

have you heard of xnear and xname , they are the average friendly families .

xname is children friendly . the customer rating is average and it's near xnear .

xname is near xnear . yes the children are friendly . the customer rating is average .

xname is an average family friendly restaurant near xnear .

a restaurant called xname is located near xnear and is family friendly with an average customer rating .

a kid friendly group called xname has a high customer rating .

a high rated restaurant called xname is child friendly

not only is xname children friendly , it also has a high customer rating .

xname is a highly consumer rated and kid friendly establishment .

xname . child friendly with a high customer rating

xname is a fantastic place for the whole family to attend for a bite to eat . the customer rating is high meaning that you will receive a high standard which can only be expected for the whole family .

xname has high customer satisfaction and is kid friendly .

xname boats high customer ratings and is kid friendly .

xname is a kid friendly place with a high customer rating .

xname is a highly rated child friendly environment

a kid friendly establishment with a high customer rating is xname .

xname restaurant has a high customer rating and is child friendly .

xname is child friendly with a high customer rating

xname is child friendly with a high customer rating

xname has a high customer rating and is children friendly .

looking for a place where you can take the whole family for a bite to eat . xname is a fantastic spot to go with a high customer rating it will cater for all your needs .

with a high customer rating and child friendly , xname

xname is both , highly recommended and kid friendly .

highly rated xname is kid friendly .

xname has a high customer rating and is kid friendly .

kid friendly , xname , is highly rated .

xname is a kid friendly restaurant with a high customer rating .

the movie xname received a high yes rating from a movie website

the kids friendly location named xname has a high customer rating .

xname is near xnear . it has a high customer rating and it is a child friendly establishment .

if you are looking for a highly rated children friendly restaurant near xnear , check out xname .

located near xnear , xname is highly recommended for the entire family .

xname is a children friendly family restaurant . most people who go there give great reviews for the restaurant . it can be found near xnear .

with a high customer rating , xname is located near xnear and is kid friendly .

near xnear is located a high - rated and kids friendly site called xname

a kid friendly , 5 - star rated restaurant located near xnear is called xname .

by xnear , there's a high rated and kid friendly place called xname .

despite the name , xname is a rather children friendly eatery . xname also gets pretty good reviews , with customer ratings of 9 to 10 stars . xname can be found near xnear .

xname is a high rated kid friendly place near xnear .

xname , located near xnear , is child friendly and has a high customer rating .

located near xnear is a kid - friendly place named xname . it has a high customer rating .

xname family restaurant near xnear has high customer rating .

the restaurant xname located near xnear id child friendly and has high customer ratings .

the restaurant xname located near xnear id child friendly and has high customer ratings .

xname is near xnear , is kid friendly and has a high customer rating .

near xnear is xname . it is kid friendly . the rating is high .

xname restaurant near xnear , is a highly rated children friendly choice you wo n't regret .

near xnear , xname is highly rated and kid friendly .

xname has a high customer rating , is kid friendly and is near xnear .

xname great place , kids - friendly with high customer rating near xnear

located near xnear , xname is kid - friendly and has a high customer rating .

there is a child friendly establishment near xnear called xname and it has a high customer rating .

the kid - friendly restaurant xname is a high customer rated eatery located near xnear .

xname is a non family - friendly show with a low customer rating .

adults looking for a bite to eat can easily find xname , which has a one star rating .

xname is a one star rating .

xname is a not family recommended .

xname is a family unfriendly low rated place

no , xname with high price not low

xname is a non family - friendly show with a low customer rating .

xname , with a one star rating , appreciates an adult patron .

with a 1 out of 5 rating , xname , would not be considered family friendly .

xname has a low customer rating and is not family friendly .

family unfriendly low rated place named xname

xname of one star is located in xnear where all your family can visit .

xname is a family friendly restaurant found near xnear . it has a low customer rating .

welcome to xname , we are not family - friendly . our customer rating is low and we are near xnear .

no families at xname . rated low near xnear .

with a low customer rating , xname is located near xnear . it is also not family - friendly .

all your family in xnear can visit xname of one star .

welcome to xname , we are not family - friendly . our customer rating is low and we are near xnear .

xname is a poorly rated , not family friendly venue near xnear in the centre of town .

near xnear , there is a poorly rated not family friendly venue called xname .

xname has a low customer rating and is not family - friendly . it is located near xnear .

xname near xnear is low rated not family - friendly .

there is a child friendly venue called xname , however its customer rating is low .

xname is a children friendly place with low customer rating .

xname has a low customer rating but it is family friendly .

xname is a family - friendly facility with a low customer rating .

xname is a cheap family friendly restaurant .

a family friendly place is called xname . it has poor reviews .

xname have a low customer rating , but are family friendly

xname is children - friendly and has low customer rating ,

xname is child friendly with low ratings by its customers .

xname has a low customer rating but is family friendly .

xname is a low rated place , but children friendly .

customers have given a family friendly place named xname a low rating .

xname is a family - friendly venue with a low customer satisfaction rating .

xname is a child friendly venue , however , it has a low customer rating .

there is xname a children - friendly and has low customer rating ,

xname is a family friendly establishment with a low customer rating .

child friendly , xname have low ratings .

xname is a family friendly place with a low rating .

xname is inexpensive and child - friendly . it has a low customer rating .

xname is child friendly but has a low customer rating .

the family friendly place called xname unfortunately has a low customer rating .

xname are family friendly , but has a low customer rating

xname is a kid friendly place that is not very good .

xname is cheap , children - friendly and has a very low customer rating .

xname is a one star children - friendly restaurant .

xname near xnear is not recommended but at least children are welcome .

xname is a family - friendly venue near xnear , but it has a low customer ratings

xname , xnear are very children friendly but have a low customer rating

with a low customer rating xname is kid - friendly and is located near xnear .

xname near xnear is a family friendly pub with a low rating

xname family restaurant near xnear is very family friendly . the ratings are low .

xname is a family friendly location near xnear . it has a low customer rating .

xname a family friendly place near xnear has a low customer rating .

xname near xnear is a low rated children friendly

near xnear is xname . they are family friendly but have a low customer rating .

xname is located near xnear and provides food in a child friendly atmosphere

xname is child friendly and is located near xnear . customer rating is low .

near xnear there is xname , a low rated family friendly place

near xnear is a family friendly restaurant called xname which has a low customer rating .

xname is a child friendly restaurant situated near xnear

located near xnear , xname is a family - friendly restaurant . its customer rating is low .

xname , near xnear , is a children - friendly establishment with a low customer rating .

xname is a low - rated location for children it is located near xnear

xname is located near xnear . it is child friendly , but has a low customer rating .

a family friendly pub , xname is near xnear but has a low rating

near xnear is a children - friendly business called xname . it has a low customer rating .

the ratings for xname restaurant are low . however , it is a family restaurant . it is located near xnear .

family friendly , xname is located near xnear and has a low customer rating .

family friendly xname , near xnear has a low customer rating .

located near xnear , xname is family friendly with a low customer rating .

even with a low customer rating , xname is family friendly and is situated near xnear .

in riverside near xnear is a restaurant called xname . a coffee shop that serves chinese food for  20 - 25 .

xname is a kid friendly coffee shop that serves chinese with an average meal for  20 - 25 . its in riverside near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that serves indian food that has an average price range . it allows children and is near the riverside and xnear .

xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food with a price range of 20 - 25 pounds . this restaurant is located in riverside near the xnear restaurant . it is kids friendly .

xname is near the riverside and xnear . it serves indian food and allows children . it has a average rating .

the kids friendly coffee shop is called xname . this restaurant is located in riverside near the xnear restaurant and offers chinese cuisine . meals at xname cost 20 - 25 pounds .

xname is a chinese restaurant and coffee shop in the riverside area near xnear . it is family friendly and has cheap pricing .

xname is a cheap chinese coffee shop located riverside by xnear . it is a family friendly establishment .

if you are looking for a family friendly restaurant with cheap pricing , you may wish to try xname . it offers a coffee shop and chinese food , and is near the xnear in the riverside area .

in the riverside area near xnear you will find xname . a low priced family restaurant offering chinese food .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear .

a cheap chinese coffee shop near xnear located riverside and is family - friendly is xname .

in the city center , near xnear , xname coffee shop dishes out high class chinese eats , with an atmosphere that is not children friendly .

xname coffee shop serves high priced chinese food in the city center , near xnear . be advised , xname is not children friendly .

the chinese coffee shop , xname , is located in the city centre near xnear . the price range is high and is n't children friendly .

the chinese coffee shop , xname , is located in the city centre near xnear . this place is n't children friendly , as well as the price range being high .

in the city centre , xname coffee shop s is expensive . it offers chinese food and is not children friendly . it is located near to the xnear .

near xnear in the city centre there is a coffee shop called xname . it serves chines food at a high price range and is not children friendly .

xname , a coffee shop in the city centre offering chinese food , is in the above average price range . it is located near the xnear and is not children friendly .

xname is a coffee shop located by the riverside located near xnear , in the city centre . it serves chinese food and it has a high price range . it is child friendly .

a coffee shop near xnear , in the city centre , is xname . it also provides chinese food . it has a high price range and is child friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear .

located in the city centre , neighboring xnear , is a coffee shop styled joint called xname . this establishment is known for its family friendly atmosphere and highly priced chinese food .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear .

xname is an expensive coffee shop and that serves chinese food located near the riverside xnear , it is not appropriate for children .

xname is a coffee shop in the riverside area , near xnear . their menu offers chinese food , with prices in the high range , and they are not child friendly .

xname coffee shop has chinese food and is friendly . it is in the riverside area near xnear with a high price range .

there is a coffee shop xname located riverside near xnear . they are not children friendly .

xname is a coffee shop offering chinese food . they are located riverside and are not children friendly . they can be found riverside near xnear .

there is a riverside coffee shop near xnear called xname , that serves chinese food in the high price range . this venue is not suited for families with children .

xname is a coffee shop that has expensive chinese food , not child friendly , and is located riverside near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that sells chinese food . it is a high price range in the riverside area near xnear . it is children friendly

xname is a high priced , kid friendly chinese coffee shop located in the riverside area near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear .

xname , near xnear in riverside , is a children friendly coffee shop that sells chinese food . it is a high price range .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear .

xname is in the riverside area near xnear . it is a kid friendly coffee shop serving high priced chinese food .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food in the mid - price range . it is family - friendly and near xnear in the city center .

xname is a non family friendly coffee shop who serves chinese food and is less than  20 . it is near the xnear in the city centre .

with below average prices , xname , a non - family friendly coffee shop in the city centre , offers chinese food and is located near the xnear .

serving chinese food , the non - family friendly restaurant , xname , is a coffee shop in the less than  20 price range . it is in city centre near xnear .

there is a mid - price ranged coffee shop called xname that serves chinese food located near xnear in the city center .

in the less than  20 price range and serving chinese food , the non - family friendly coffee shop , xname is in city centre near xnear .

xname is a unique coffee shop in the city centre , near the xnear restaurant . they are not family friendly and serve amazing chinese food that is priced less than  20 .

xname is a coffee shop which serves chinese food is located in the center of the city near the xnear . it serves chinese food and is considered family friendly with a price range of less than  20 .

xname is located in the city centre near xnear . it is a coffee shop that serves chinese food for under  20 .

xname is a coffee shop which serves chinese food with a price range of less than  20 . it is located in the center of the city near the xnear and is family friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range . it is located in the city centre . it is near xnear .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop serving chinese food for less than  20 . it is located in the city centre near xnear .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop located in the city centre near xnear . it serves chinese food with a price range get of less than  20 .

there's a chinese and coffee shop that's less than  20 , near xnear along the riverside that's not really family friendly . it's called xname .

xname coffee shop and chinese is along the riverside near xnear . it's generally less than  20 but is n't family friendly .

there is a coffee shop in riverside , near xnear called xname . it is not family friendly and serves chinese food for less than  20 .

xname is a non family friendly coffee shop in riverside , near xnear . it serves chinese food for less

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear .

there's this coffee shop that serves chinese food in the riverside area near xnear called xname that costs less than  20 and is family friendly .

located on the riverside , near xnear , is xname . it is a family - friendly , low - priced coffee shop which also serves chinese food .

if you want a low - priced coffee shop on the riverside , then try xname . this family - friendly coffee shop also serves chinese food and it is located near xnear

in the riverside area , there is a family friendly coffee shop that sells chinese food for less than  20 near xnear called xname .

xname , a coffee shop with chinese food is near xnear riverside . their prices are less than  20 .

xname is a coffee shop with chinese food . they are family friendly and have decent prices . they are near the riverside by xnear .

xname , a coffee shop that also serves chinese food less than  20 , is located in the riverside , near xnear .

near xnear in city centre , enjoy a moderately priced chinese lunch and coffee at xname . this coffee shop does not cater to children .

moderately priced adult - only chinese coffee shop , xname , can be found in the city centre near to xnear .

xname is a moderately priced coffee shop in the city centre , near xnear . it serves chinese food and does not welcome children .

xname is a moderately priced coffee shop located in the city centre . it provides chinese food . it is not kids friendly and is located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the city centre near xnear . it is not kids friendly .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear in the city city . it is moderately priced and serves chinese food . children are not welcome .

xname is a non kid friendly coffee shop and moderately priced chinese establishment located in city centre , near xnear .

xname is a moderately priced kid friendly chinese coffee shop in they city centre near xnear .

xname is a moderately priced coffee shop providing chinese food . it's in the city centre near to xnear and is kid friendly

xname is a children friendly chinese coffee shop with a moderate price range located in the city centre near xnear .

xname is a chinese coffee shop in city centre near xnear . they offer moderate prices and a kid friendly atmosphere .

kids are welcome at xname coffee shop , serving moderately priced chinese food in the centre of town , near the xnear .

xname coffee shop offers kid friendly chinese cuisine at a moderate price . located near the xnear .

xname is a moderately priced coffee shop serving chinese food . it's near xnear in the city centre and is kid friendly

xname is a moderate chinese coffee shop near xnear in the river side . it is no kids friendly .

xname is a coffee shop which offers chinese food . it has a moderate price range . it is in a riverside area . it is not kids friendly and it is near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food with a moderate price . it is located near xnear along the riverside and is not kids friendly .

no kids in xname , it is a chinese coffee shop , on the riverside near the xnear , fairly moderate prices .

xname is a chinese coffee shop near xnear in the river side . price is moderate , no kids friendly .

there is a coffee shop , xname , serving chinese food along the riverside near xnear . it is not kids friendly and is moderately priced .

xname is a chinese coffee shop that has a moderate price range , located near the riverside near the xnear , my advice no children .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear .

in the riverside area near xnear there is a kid friendly moderately priced coffee shop named xname serving chinese food

for chinese food in riverside there is a moderately priced coffee shop that is kid friendly named xname near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the moderate price range . it is located in the riverside . it is near xnear .

xname coffee shop in the riverside area serves coffee and chinese food . it is kid friendly and moderately priced . located near xnear .

xname coffee shop has chinese food and is family friendly . it is located in the riverside area near xnear with a high price range .

xname is a coffee shop in riverside located near the xnear , where they serve chinese food , it's average price for a meal is more than 30 euros and it's a children friendly facility .

xname coffee shop has chinese food and is kids friendly . it is located in the riverside area near xnear with a high price range .

if you're in the riverside area with your children and are looking for a coffee shop that serves chinese food , xname is a good option , though you can expect to spend more than  30 . it is located near xnear .

situated in the riverside area , near xnear , you'll find a child - friendly coffee shop with chinese food on the menu called xname . the prices tend to be more than  30 .

the is a restaurant that had a price for over 30 euros per meal . it's called xname and it's children friendly . its located in riverside near the xnear .

there is a coffee shop xname located near xnear . they offer chinese food in the price range of more than  30 . they are children friendly and located riverside .

xname is a kid friendly coffee shop located along the riverside near xnear . it serves english food for  20 -  25 .

a kid friendly english coffee shop located in riverside near xnear that is moderately priced is called xname .

xname is a kids friendly coffee shop that serves english food for  20 -  25 . it is along the riverside near xnear .

xname is a kid friendly english coffee shop located in riverside near xnear that is moderately priced .

serving english food on the riverside in xname . a kid friendly coffee shop in the price range  20 -  25 . xname is located near xnear .

there is a cheap family friendly coffee shop on riverside called xname , they serve english food , and are located near xnear .

come visit riverside and eat some english food at xname family friendly coffee shop for a cheap price . found near xnear .

xname is a cheap coffee shop located in riverside near xnear , they serve english food and our family friendly .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop which offer english food for a cheap price . located in riverside near xnear .

near the xnear in riverside is a cheap family friendly english coffee shop called xname .

xname is in the riverside area near xnear . it is a coffee shop serving cheap english food and is great for families .

xname is a coffee shop located at riverside near xnear serves english food and a family friendly place that a cheap price range of food .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop . it serves low price range english food . it is located near xnear in the riverside area .

xname is a cheap family friendly english coffee shop in the riverside area near the xnear .

xname is a coffee shop type restaurant located in the city centre with a high price , with a bad kids friendly atmosphere . it offers english food and is located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop type restaurant located in the city centre with a high price , with a bad kids friendly atmosphere . it offers english food and is located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop located in the city centre near xnear . it serves high - priced english food in a non kid - friendly environment .

xname is an english coffee shop that is located in the city centre . it is near xnear . it has a high price range , and it is not family - friendly .

xname is a high - priced coffee shop that serves english cuisine in an adult environment . it is located in the city centre near xnear .

in the city centre , near xnear , there is a coffee shop called xname . it has high prices , and it is not children friendly .

xname is children friendly coffee shop that serves english food with a high price range near xnear around city centre .

xname is a high price range coffee shop . it's in the centre of the city , near xnear . it serves english food and is children friendly .

near xnear around city centre there is a coffee shop that is high price range , children friendly , serves english food called xname .

in the city centre near xnear there is an english coffee shop called xname . it is expensive and children friendly .

xname is a coffee shop serving expensive english food . it is in the city centre near xnear and is children friendly .

xname is children friendly and serves english food . it is near xnear in the city centre . it's a coffee house with a high price range .

the english coffee shop , ' xname ' , is a highly priced place near xnear . the food has more of an adult taste to it .

located on the riverside , close to xnear , you will find the coffee shop xname , serving a traditional english menu which is highly priced and not considered child friendly .

catering a traditional english menu , xname coffee shop sits on the riverside , and offers a highly priced alternative to the nearby xnear . xname is not considered child friendly .

xname is an english coffee shop near xnear in the riverside area . it has a high price range and is not child - friendly .

there is an english coffee shop near xnear in the riverside area called xname . it has a high price range and is not child - friendly .

xname is an english coffee shop located along the river near xnear . the prices are quite high and it is not recommended to bring children .

xname is a children friendly coffee shop located in the riverside area near to the xnear . it serves english food and is in the high price range .

xname ' is a expensive coffee shop that serves british food that is located near xnear .

near xnear there is a coffee shop called xname in riverside

xname is a coffee shop placed at north of city centre close to xnear . you can go with all your family to this exclusive shop if you love the traditional british food .

xname is a child friendly coffee shop near to xnear in the riverside area . they serve english food . the price range is high

xname is a coffee shop near xnear and offers english food and is child friendly . it is in riverside and is expensive .

xname is a coffee shop near to xnear which resides in the riverside are . it's child friendly and serves english food . the price range is high

there is an english coffee shop name xname in the riverside area . it is near xnear , it is expensive , and it is children friendly .

there is an expensive child friendly coffee shop in riverside called xname that offers english food and it's near xnear .

xname its a restaurant for all family with good food located near xnear

there is a children friendly english coffee shop in the riverside area . it is high price range . it is called xname , and is located near xnear .

there is a coffee shop near xnear in riverside called xname

xname is a high priced coffee shop , that offers english food and is kid friendly . it is located in the riverside area , near xnear .

xname ' is a coffee shop that serves expensive british food . it is located near xnear .

xname is a luton based adults only coffee shop , sited near xnear serving english food in the mid range bracket .

xname is a low price coffee shop offering traditional english food near xnear in the city center . it's not family - friendly .

if you want some traditional english food and are in the city center near xnear , check out xname coffee shop for cheap eats - just do n't bring your kids .

xname , a family - friendly coffee shop offers english food at affordable prices . xname is located in the city centre near xnear .

there is a family - friendly coffee shop called xname in the city centre near xnear . it serves english food in low price range .

xname , located near xnear , luton , is a coffee shop serving english food at reasonable prices .

xname , is a coffee shop and is family - friendly , cheap and reasonable priced is very good for the family , we provide full english food . located near xnear in the city centre .

xname is near xnear in the city centre area . it is family - friendly and has a price range of less than  20 . it serves english food and is a coffee shop .

xname , is a coffee shop and is family - friendly , cheap and reasonable priced is very good for the family , we provide full english food . located near xnear in the city centre .

xname is a cheap , family - friendly , coffee shop serving english food . they are near to xnear in the city centre .

xname is an english coffee shop near xnear in the city centre . it sells things for less than  20 and is family - friendly .

xname is a cheap english coffee shop . it is in the city centre near xnear . it is family - friendly .

xname ' is a coffee shop located on the riverside , near ' xnear ' . they serve english food and a price range of less than  20 , and are not family - friendly .

nearby the city centre and xnear , xname is a cheap coffee shop that is not family friendly .

xname is a low priced , non family coffee shop located next to xnear .

there is a adults only cheap coffee shop xname serving english food located in the riverside area near xnear

a cheap english coffee shop in the riverside area near xnear is called xname . it is n't family - friendly .

there is a cheap coffee shop xname serving english food located in the riverside area near xnear adults only

located next to xnear , is a non family low priced coffee shop called xname .

xname is a cheap english coffee shop in the riverside area near xnear . it is n't family - friendly .

the coffee shop ' xname ' is located on the riverside , near ' xnear ' . they serve english food and a price range of less than  20 , and are not family - friendly .

near xnear by riverside there is an english coffee shop called xname . it has prices lower than  20 and is family friendly .

xname , a low price family friendly breakfast and coffee shop near xnear .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop with prices less that  20 . this english coffee shop is located by riverside near xnear .

xname is a low - priced family coffee shop located near xnear in city centre

visit xname , a low priced family friendly breakfast and coffee shop located near xnear .

there is an inexpensive and family friendly coffee shop serving english fare near xnear in riverside called xname .

xname coffee shop offers a family friendly environment with a price range of less than  20 . we offer english food near xnear in the riverside area .

there is a family friendly coffee shop located near xnear in the city centre called xname which offers cheap food .

for under  20 you can eat at xname in riverside . it's a family friendly coffee shop near xnear that serves english cuisine .

come to the riverside area near xnear and enjoy our coffee shop here at xname . we are family friendly , feature english food and have a price range of less than  20 .

xname is a family friendly coffee shop located near xnear in the city centre which offers cheap food .

xname is a moderately priced coffee shop near xnear in the city centre . it is not the type of place people bring their kids .

a coffee shop which serve english food in the city centre near the xnear is a restaurant called xname with a moderate price range and not kids friendly place .

there is a coffee shop named xname in the city centre . it is near xnear , moderately priced and caters to an adult crowd .

xname is a non kids friendly coffee shop , that has moderate price ranged english food . it is located near xnear in the city center .

xname is a coffee shop which serve english food . the location is near the xnear in the city centre area . the place is a not kids friendly with a moderate price range .

in the city center near xnear , there is a non kids friendly coffee shop named , xname . the price range is moderate and they have english food .

there is a moderately priced english food restaurant called xname that is kid friendly near xnear in the city centre .

xname is a coffee shop with moderate price featuring english food and is kid friendly and is located near xnear in the city centre .

in the city centre , near xnear , there is an english coffee shop named xname . it is in the moderate price range and it is child - friendly .

xname is a child - friendly , moderately - priced english coffee shop . it is located in the centre of the city , near xnear .

welcome to xname . we are a coffee shop , our price range is moderate , our food is english we're kid friendly located in the city centre by the xnear . we have a disclaimer by the door , we xname and any blood stains we do not cover .

welcome to xname . we are a coffee shop , our price range is moderate , our food is english we're kid friendly located in the city centre by the xnear . we have a disclaimer by the door , we xname and any blood stains we do not cover .

xname is a coffee shop located in riverside near xnear . it offers english food with a moderate price range . it is not a kid friendly establishment .

xname coffee shop has moderately priced food and is a kid friendly establishment in the riverside area close to xnear .

xname is a coffee shop located in riverside near xnear . it offers english food with a moderate price range . it is not a kid friendly establishment .

xname is a coffee shop providing english food . it is located in riverside near xnear . moderate price range and no kids friendly .

xname is a coffee shop providing english food . it is located in riverside near xnear . moderate price range .

in the riverside area near xnear there's a kid friendly , moderately priced coffee shop named xname .

xname is a family friendly mid price range coffee shop located near xnear .

a family coffee shop in the mid price range called xname can be found by a river near xnear . xname serves british cuisine .

come to xname where they serve moderately priced english food . it is a riverside coffee shop near xnear and is great for children .

xname , near xnear in riverside , serves english food . it is moderately priced and kid friendly .

xname is a coffee shop that serves english style food . it is moderately priced and kid friendly . it is located on the riverside near xnear .

xname is an english coffee shop near riverside near xnear . its price range is moderate and it's kids - friendly .

coffee shop , xname , is located on the riverside near xnear . it serves english style food and is moderately priced . it is also kid friendly .

there is a coffee shop on the river called xname located near xnear . it is family friendly and mid price ranged .

located in the riverside area near xnear , xname is a coffee shop that serves english food within a moderate price range and is kid friendly .

xname is a kid friendly restaurant that serves english food with a moderate price range . they are located near the coffee shop xnear in riverside .

you can enjoy british cuisine at xname , a family coffee shop in the mid - price range by a river and near xnear .

xname is a kid friendly , moderately priced , coffee shop that serves english food . it is located near xnear in riverside .

near xnear is a riverside coffee shop serving english food called xname . the prices are moderate and it is kid friendly .

located at riverside near xnear there is a coffee shop called xname that serves english food that has a price range of more than  30 and a children friendly place .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear . it is on the riverside and is child friendly . the food is english and over  30 .

xname is a coffee shop located at riverside near xnear serves english food has a price range more than  30 and a children friendly place .

xname is a child - friendly coffee shop situated by the riverside . it is near xnear , and serves english food for a higher - than - average price .

xname serves slightly expensive english food , and welcomes children . located near xnear , it is a coffee shop by the riverside .

near xnear you will find xname . a coffee shop serving english food over  30 . it is child friendly .

there is a restaurant near xnear in riverside named xname with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

near xnear , xname , has a 1 out of 5 rating and is located riverside .

near xnear there is the xname with a high customer rating

near xnear at riverside you can find a place called xname , they have a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

in the riverside area near the xnear is the poorly rated xname .

in the riverside area there is a restaurant called xname which had a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and it is near xnear .

near xnear in riverside is xname with a customer rating of only 1 out of 5 .

located in the in the riverside area near xnear , xname is rated 1 out of 5 .

riverside , xname , near xnear , scores a 1 out of 5 .

the xname is near xnear , it has a customer rating

if looking for a moderately priced 1 out of 5 star restaurant near the riverside , xname is a good option - located near caf adriatic .

on the riverside near xnear , is xname with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

come and visit our new riverside resort called xname . it is located near xnear .

near xnear on the riverside is xname with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 stars .

the restaurant near xnear in riverside is rated 1 out of 5 and its called xname .

near xnear located in the riverside area is the xname . this establishment has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

located near xnear in the riverside area , xname has a 3 out of 5 customer rating .

on the riverside near xnear is a place called xname . its customer rating is 3 out of 5 .

in the riverside are near xnear is a customer rated 3 out of 5 restaurant named xname .

look in the riverside area near xnear to find xname with a 3 out of 5 customer rating .

near xnear in riverside is xname which is rated 3 out of 5 by customers .

a riverside eatery near xnear in the xname . it has a rating of 3 out of 5

near xnear there is xname located on the riverside with a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

in riverside near xnear , is xname . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

at the riverside , near xnear , is a place called xname , rated 3 out of 5 by customers .

the xname has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is near xnear by the riverside .

a restaurant located in the city center , near xnear , xname , has a high customer rating .

xname in the city center , near xnear , has a high customer rating .

xname is located near xnear with a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

this a restaurant near xnear , customer rating 5 out of 5 , xname , center of the city .

located near xnear , xname has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

customer rating 5 out of 5 close to xnear , xname , city centre .

located near xnear . xname is top rated in riverside

near xnear in the riverside area is xname which has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

5 out of 5 customer rating xname can be found at riverside near xnear .

located near xnear in the riverside area is xname with a 5 out of 5 rating .

near xnear by the riverside , xname has a 5 out of 5 rating .

located near xnear on the riverside is xname , which holds a 5 out of 5 star rating .

in riverside , xname , near xnear has a customer rating of 5 out of 5 .

in the riverside area near xnear ; there is a place called xname . it has a 5 out of 5 customer rating .

near xnear by the riverside , xname has a 5 out of 5 rating .

customer rating : 5 of 5 . xname near xnear in riverside .

customer rated 5 out of 5 the xname in riverside near xnear .

for a 5 out of 5 rated restaurant go to the xname that is right by the xnear on the riverside .

rated 5 out of 5 , xname is located in the riverside area near xnear .

the xname is located in the city centre near xnear . it has an average customer rating .

the xname is located in the city centre near xnear . it has an average customer rating .

xname is near xnear in the city centre and is average .

near the xnear is the xname in the city centre which has an average rating .

the xname near xnear in the city centre has an average rating .

xname near xnear in the city centre is average .

the xname has an average customer rating . it is located in the riverside area near the xnear .

near xnear is the riverside xname . it has an average customer rating .

in the riverside district xname restaurant has an average rating . it is located near the xnear restaurant .

over by the riverside , you can choose to dine at an average customer rated xname , which is located near xnear .

near xnear is xname which has an average customer rating .

located in riverside , near xnear . xname is an average rated restaurant where you can eat for cheap .

the riverside area has a restaurant called xname . the restaurant is right by xnear . people just loves it .

a place with an average customer rating in riverside near xnear is xname .

the xname near xnear is based on the riverside area and has an average customer rating .

near to the xnear in the riverside area , is the xname restaurant which has an average customer rating .

located near the xnear restaurant - xname in riverside has an average rating .

in the riverside area near xnear , you'll find xname , a restaurant with an average customer rating .

in riverside by xnear is xname . it is average rated .

riverside area , near xnear , high customer rating named xname .

near the xnear in riverside is the highly rated xname restaurant .

near xnear , along the riverside , is located the high - rated restaurant , xname .

located at riverside near xnear , xname has a high customer rating .

in riverside near xnear there is xname whose customer rating is high .

a restaurant named xname located near xnear in the riverside area with a high customer rating .

near xnear , xname has a high customer rating in riverside .

anyone that has been to the xname beside the xnear by the riverside will tell you that it is a fantastic experience .

customers are highly satisfied with their experience at xname beside the xnear by the riverside .

along the riverside and near xnear is xname which has a high customer rating .

located in riverside near xnear is a high rated hotel named xname

in the riverside area near xnear eat at xname high customer rating

along the riverside near xnear is the xname . it has a high customer rating .

near xnear in city centre is xname , a low rated restaurant .

xname is a low end restaurant located near xnear in the city centre .

in the city centre near the xnear is the xname . the customer rating is low .

in the city centre , xname is near xnear but has a low customer rating .

the xname is located in the city centre near the xnear . it has a low customer rating .

with a low customer rating , xname is in the city centre near xnear .

xname can be found on the riverside near xnear , and it has a low customer rating .

xname near a riverside by xnear gets a low rating .

located near xnear in the riverside area is xname which receives low customer ratings .

in riverside near the xnear there is a low rated place called xname

xname located near xnear offers low - rated food in riverside .

close to xnear in riverside , there is a restaurant with a low customer rating named xname .

with a low customer rating , xname , is a riverside restaurant located near xnear .

near the xnear in the riverside area is the xname with a low customer rating .

near the river and xnear is the xname that has a low customer rating .

xname has a low customer rating . it is in the riverside vicinity near xnear .

xname has low customer ratings and is located in riverside near xnear .

near xnear on the riverside is xname with a low customer rating .

located in the riverside area , the xname near xnear has a low customer rating .

xname is a high rated coffee shop that serves chinese food near the xnear and their price range is  20 - 25 .

xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food . it is located near xnear . it has a price range of  20 - 25 and has a high customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the  20 - 25 price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is high .

xname is a coffee shop that also serves chinese food near xnear . the establishment boasts high customer ratings , and the menu is priced between  20 - 25 .

xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food in the price range of  20 - 25 . it has a high customer rating . it is located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food near the xnear . their price range is  20 - 25 and their customer rating is high .

the xname is a coffee shop located near xnear . they serve chinese food are rated 5 out of 5 and a typical meal is cheap .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

there is a coffee shop called xname that serves chinese food . located near xnear , they have a 5 out of 5 customer rating and you can eat there for cheap .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is 5 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop also selling chinese food . it gets 5 out of 5 from customers and is cheap . find it near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear . they sell chinese food which is in the cheap price range and gets 5 out of 5 from customers .

xname is a chinese coffee shop with an average rating . it has a cheap price range and is located near the xnear .

the average rated xname coffee shop has cheap chinese food and is near the xnear .

near the xnear there is a cheap coffee shop that serves chinese food named xname and has an average rating .

there is a cheap chinese coffee shop called xname . it is near the xnear and has an average customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the cheap price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

the xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the high price range near the xnear but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

high priced and with a 1 of 5 customer rating , xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food . it is located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop , located near xnear , that serves chinese food in the high price range . customers have rated it 1 our of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop that offers chinese food . it his high priced with a 1 of 5 customer rating . it is located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop that serves chinese food . the price range is high with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 . they are near the xnear .

looking for a coffee shop that serves chinese food in the high price range near the xnear but has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 , then the xname may be for you .

there is an expensive coffee shop located near xnear named xname that offers chinese food . there is a 1 out of 5 customer rating .

xname is a high priced coffee shop near xnear that is selling chinese food . it has an average customer rating .

xname is a chinese coffee shop near xnear with a high cost and average rating .

near xnear there is a chinese place that is a coffee shop style place , it's called xname , customer ratings so far are average but the menu looks high priced .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the high price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is average .

there is a coffee shop near xnear called xname selling chinese food with a high price range . it has an average customer rating .

near xnear is a coffee shop that has chinese food called xname . it has an average customer rating and is in the high price range .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is low .

the xname coffee shop near xnear offers cheap chinese food .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is low .

xname coffee shop near xnear serves cheap chinese food , but has a low customer rating .

xname is a coffee shop providing chinese food in the less than  20 price range . it is near xnear . its customer rating is low .

a coffee shop called xname located near xnear , serving chinese food . xname has a moderate price range with a customer rating of 1 out 5 .

close to xnear , xname coffee shop provides moderately priced chinese food . it has been rated by customers as being a one out of a possible five .

xname is a chinese coffee shop near xnear . price is moderate and rating 1 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop serving chinese food , with a customer rating of 1 out 5 . it is near xnear with a moderate price range .

xname , near xnear , is a coffee shop offering chinese fare at a moderate price range , and has received a customer rating of one out of five .

xname is a moderate coffee shop serving chinese food having a low customer rating . it is located near the xnear .

there is a moderate coffee shop , xname , serving chinese food near the xnear . it has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 .

there is a coffee shop near xnear called xname that serves chinese food and a moderate price and has a 3 out of 5 rating .

average chinese food near the xnear can be found at xname coffee shop , for a moderate fee .

xname is a moderately priced coffee shop that provides chinese food . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is located near xnear .

there is a coffee shop called xname . xname serves chinese food at a reasonable price . xname is near xnear and has a 3 out of 5 rating .

xname is a coffee shop that provides chinese food in the moderate price range . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 . it is located near xnear .

xname , near xnear , is a coffee shop which specialises in chinese food . its prices are moderate and its customers rate it 3 out of 5 .

xname is a coffee shop near xnear with a high customer rating . they serve chinese food with a cost of over  30 .

xname has high customer rating located near xnear a coffee shop serving chinese food in the 30 price range .

there is a coffee shop with a price range of more than  30 called xname . it is near xnear , they serve chinese and have a high customer rating .

there's an expensive coffee shop that sells chinese food near xnear , it's called xname . it's expensive but has high customer ratings .

xname is a chinese coffee shop near xnear , with high customer rating and more than  30 price range .

there is a high customer chinese coffee shop with a more than  30 price range near xnear , called xname .

xname coffee shop serving chinese food in the 30 price range has high customer rating located near xnear .

i love the coffee at the xname coffee shop , it is a great value . i wish i could eat there everyday . it is located near xnear street .

xname is the name of a highly rated coffee shop with a price xnear of french 20 - 25 . it is located near xnear .

xname is an average priced english coffee shop . it is located near the xnear and the customer rating is high .

close to the xnear you will find an english coffee shop named xname . customer satisfaction is high while pricing remains average .

the xname is a medium priced coffee shop located near xnear , it is 5 star .

xname is a mid - priced , food serving coffee shop located next to the xnear .

with great service , delicious english food and lovely coffee , xname , the high rated , great priced coffee shop is perfect with it's friendly atmosphere . it is located near xnear and has excellent food and coffee at great prices .

xname is a five - starred coffee shop that serves british food . it is located next to the xnear .

the xname coffee chop near xnear street has great value food . i go there almost everyday .

xname is a lovely coffee shop near xnear . it serves great english food and lovely coffee . the customers ratings are very high and the price range is average .

there is a medium priced , 5 star coffee shop located near xnear which is called xname .

xname coffee shop has a customer rating 5 out of 5 , its sells english food at cheap prices . it is located near xnear

xname coffee shop is in the low price range and located close to the xnear .

if you are looking for somewhere with customer ratings of 5 out of 5 then visit xname near xnear . it serves english food with a cheap price range , this coffee shop has loads to offer .

xname is a coffee shop that serves english food . they have high customer ratings and cheap prices . they are in the city near the xnear .

there is a cheap coffee shop that provide english food near xnear named xname that has 5 out of 5 customer rating

there is a cheap coffee shop xname and they serve english food . they have high customer ratings and they are in the city near the xnear .

xname is a cheap coffee shop that provide english food near xnear that has 5 out of 5 customer rating

near xnear is a cheap priced coffee shop selling english food . it is called xname and has a 5 out of 5 customer rating

if you are looking for english food then visit the xname coffee shop located near xnear it offers a cheap price range with customer ratings of 5 out of 5 .

close to the xnear is a coffee shop called xname . it is in the low price range .

xname coffee shop at xnear is a five star rated food spot that offers good meal bargains .

near xnear is a british coffee shop called xname . it has low prices and a customer rating of three out of five .

near xnear there is an average rated coffee shop called xname , which serves cheap english food .

located near the xnear , xname is a coffee shop offering low - priced english breakfast food and has a three - star customer rating .

xname is a medium - priced coffee shop close to xnear

xname is a coffee shop serving english breakfast food in the low price range . it is located near the xnear and has a three - star customer rating .

a coffee shop called xname , which serves cheap english food , has an average customer rating and is near xnear .

it is by the xnear and it is average . it is called the xname . it serves english food for cheap and it has a coffee shop .

the xnear has an average rating . it is the xname and serves english food for cheap . it also has a coffee shop in it .

xname is our new english coffee shop . located near the xnear , with cheap prices and an average customer rating you wo n't want to pass this up .

xname is a cheap british coffee shop near xnear . it has a customer rating of three out of five .

xname is a middle range coffee shop . it is located close to xnear .

xname is an english coffee shop located near xnear with high prices and a customer rating of one out of five .

there is an english coffee shop named xname located near xnear with high price ranges .

xname is a coffee shop located next to a xnear . they have been rated one star and cost a lot to drink there .

xname , an english coffee shop located near xnear , has high prices and low ratings .

xname is a coffee shop also offering english themed food , near xnear , good ratings .

xname is a coffee shop with a high price range and has a customer rating of 1 out of 5 ; it is near the xnear .

xname is a high costing coffee shop with a rating of one star . xname is also located next to a xnear .

located near xnear , xname is an english coffee shop with high prices and low ratings .

xname is a coffee shop with a customer rating of 1 out of 5 and has a high price range ; it is near the xnear .

a high end , english grub and coffee shop - xname . good ratings , near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop with high prices , near the xnear . it serves english food , with a current rating of 1 out of 5 .

xname is an average coffee shop that is highly - priced and serves english food near xnear .

the xname is a high - price coffee shop located next to the xnear that provides british food .

xname is a 3 star coffee shop located next to the xnear that provides british food for a high cost .

near xnear there is an english coffee shop with average ratings and high prices called xname .

xname is a coffee shop that is located near the xnear and provides pricey food items .

there is a pricey coffee shop xname located near the xnear that provides food items .

near xnear , there is an average coffee shop that is highly priced and serves english food . it is called xname

xname coffee shop is located inside of the xnear .

an english coffee shop that's highly priced and has an average customer rating is xname , which is located near xnear .

xname is an english coffee shop with an average customer rating . it's highly priced and located near xnear .

there is coffee shop located inside of the xnear . xname offers great breakfast with a three star rating .

the xname is a low priced english coffee shop near xnear with the average price less than  20 and a low customer rating .

near the xnear , there is a cheap coffee shop called xname .

xname is a coffee shop prices are less than  20 serving english food near the xnear with a low customer rating

xname is a low - priced coffee shop that provides breakfast near xnear .

located near xnear xname coffee shop serves english food with a low customer rating prices are less than  20

xname is a coffee shop in the low price range . it is located near xnear .

if you are looking for a coffee shop for less than  20 near xnear , the xname is an adequate choice .

join us at the xname coffee shop for an english treat . located near the xnear .

xname , a coffee shop located near the xnear , serves inexpensive breakfast foods .

xname is an inexpensive coffee shop near the xnear .

inexpensive and fun xname coffee shop offers english food near the xnear .

xname is a moderately priced coffee shop serving english food . it is located near xnear and has a low customer rating .

xname is an english coffee shop located near xnear with moderate price range that received 1 out of 5 star customer rating .

the xname is an affordable coffee shop located in xnear .

a low rated english style coffee shop around xnear called xname has moderately priced food .

xname is an english coffee shop near xnear that has moderately priced food with a low customer rating .

xname is a mid cost coffee shop . it is poorly rated and is located by the xnear

xname , english coffee shop , is situated near xnear and has moderate pricing . it received 1 out of 5 star rating .

xname provides english food for a moderate price . it has a low customer rating and is located near xnear . it is a coffee shop .

xname is a medium scale coffee shop that serves all - american food located in xnear .

xname is coffee shop providing breakfast in the low price range . it is located near xnear .

the mid cost coffee shop xname , is by the xnear and receives poor reviews .

there is a moderately priced coffee shop called xname near the xnear serving english food . it has been rated 3 out of 5 .

xname coffee shop near xnear , is moderately priced and serves english food . it has a customer rating of 3 out of 5 .

xnear is located next to a mid priced coffee shop called xname .

xname is a mid priced coffee shop located next to xnear .

with a rating of 3 out of 5 , xname coffee shop serves english food which is moderately priced . it can be found near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop located near xnear that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating and moderately priced english food

a coffee shop called xname is medium - priced offering meals with a three star rating . it is located near xnear .

xname is a coffee shop with moderately priced english food near xnear that has a 3 out of 5 customer rating

xname is a moderately priced english coffee shop located near the xnear . it has been rated 3 out of 5 .

