once he had worn trendy italian leather shoes and jeans in paris that had the cost three hundred euros .
today , the unk_NN feet were bare and bleeding .
he wore tattered cotton pants stained on the floor of his cell and a simple white t-shirt .
even so , he still towered over the two guards at his side , tall and broad-shouldered .
a collective gasp rise , a myriad eyes dark , staring at him in the park , and unk_RB thought that people were gathered here today , barely recognized from him .
unk_PRP did n't mind .
old unk_NN was gone and he was a different person now .
new unk_NN did n't mind barefoot , standing , white , dirty , unk_NNS , unk_NNS and beautiful women with his every move .
in a few minutes , he was dressed in pure white , screaming at the name of one that made him able to sing the first place .
" unk_NN !
i 'm sorry . "
a young sweaty guard who had a death grip on unk_NNP 's arm was named unk_NN .
" they 'll be waiting , " unk_NN said reluctantly .
" you have to come now . "
unk_PRP felt his feet slap the hot soiled square in slow motion .
next to the chipped block of concrete chopping , the executioner waited a crisp black uniform and the aviator unk_NNS gripping the saudi arabian scimitar .
at attention , a few steps stood behind with two doctors in white coats , watching the proceedings .
one of them held the gray gray tarp , folded and square , this would be a body wrap about unk_PRP .
none of the unk_NNP family had any intentions of burying their wayward in a relative in a christian manner .
whether a moment , his dead body laid on the ground facing mecca , or not the last thing in unk_NNP 's mind .
several feet of one of the opaque policemen peeped to the pale face out in a nondescript veil of black unk_NN .
she came .
unk_PRP 's heart surged through him , and he stared at her , taking the last beauty , he could ever see this place called earth .
he met her , weeping calmly eyes , intensely begging her , not to cry and give herself away .
i can see you again , my sister .
and then , for scanning the solemn crowd up , unk_NN , and the other guard , forced unk_NNS to his knees .
hot fingers grabbed his temple like a vise , twisting his head to one side , unk_VBG one cheek to the icy concrete .
urgent hands still held him down , kneeling and unk_RB realized he was facing the crowd , saw unk_NNP looking up to heaven .
i married you .
unk_PRP swallowed and grazed apple his apple with a abrasive stone .
we have gone away from germany or canada together .
you will end up , unk_VBN and disheveled , all those children , and i get bald and wrinkly .
but we sit together by the fireplace every night , our children , singing the guitar and loving each other .
the unk_NN , a black cloth descended in front of unk_NNP 's vision and cinched the hard knot in his skull .
the blindfold pressed his lashes tightly to his cheeks , leaving him blind , leaving each beat , echoing slowly into the darkness .
the hands pressure on his head and disappeared back and an unearthly hush descended across the park .
charges read him out loud , the list of things unk_PRP could never imagine becoming .
worship of satan , unk_NN began to pray loudly in arabic , and unk_PRP waited for his temple at the icy block .
in a prison , he had been warned if he moved , miss the blade , and he had n't killed the first fall of scimitar .
unk_VBZ dove , cooed overhead .
in the pounding of his chest , unk_NN waited in the darkness , knowing that knowing the more minute he could see the light .
the karate karate had gone bad ; she laid the guitar case on the smooth tree stump stump , and cried knowing that the trees were only hear .
a few tears later she stopped , scrubbing her face in her soft unk_VBN skirt , never one , prolonged weeping .
she let her eyes run in a battered case , balanced on the ancient offering stump , then carefully opened with dented clasps .
guitar honey-colored , taylor was still nestled in the emerald velvet .
noah , this is guitar .
unk_NN sniffed loudly and smiled , remembered him , grinning from the stool in front of the caf , playing this guitar and singing his heart out .
she cradled taylor in her lap and began to pick her way from the few chords .
it was three months , and it was still hurt .
in his arm , unk_AFX around when the bus went into the ravine , but she had thrown out the safety window .
noah , have n't made it .
then she was here in montana , living her parents to the ranch in her childhood home .
missionary unk_NN life was over in dreams , smashed into pieces of shattered glass of bus where noah died .
chapter new was about to begin , and honestly , unk_AFX really did n't think she was ready .
staying here on a little bench , sheltering from the circle of trees to the ranch , was sounding better and the better time after all .
a sharp crack sounded like foliage .
unk_NN tensed and huddled in the comforting guitar familiarity , totally aware of overkill with her sound reaction .
this is a ranch after all .
squirrels and birds could live in the trees that surrounded her , and yellowed that leaves were constantly crunching in their way to the ground now swing at full fall .
but by the bus accident , unk_NN , she was kidnapped and nearly killed as a muslim group bombed in her bus .
so the sounds made her unexpected a little nervous .
that ok , is n't it ?
" holy cow ! "
she shrieked without meaning to nearly guitar dropping on her toes .
because of all the sudden defying of her expectations , the little noise will end up a stray squirrel unk_VBG around in the trees , figure a solid male emerged from the shadows .
she unk_VBD adrenaline of a vision full of a broad-shouldered man with a latte color of mocha wearing a black shirt and brown corduroys .
" holy cow ! "
she gasped again , less than fear and more irritation lacing her voice now .
the intruder was now shadows , holding up two tan hands in a gesture , meant to calm her down .
the dark curls that hung on his collar were gone , but those clear hazel eyes were unmistakable .
all the children of seven unk_NN had them .
" unk_NN !
it was me , " he said , adding only to the storm more than the storm of adrenaline , and annoyance lashing her insides .
the unk_NN .
over here .
her house in montana .
unk_NN unk_NN , the group who tried to kill her .
he could bomb noah killed in the bus .
and then he left everything to save unk_NN behind .
" you scared you , unk_NNS like me . "
she managed to feeling a scowl for herself .
she never imagined she could see him here .
sure , unk_NN they had both recruited the man who had named rupert a work of an organization called unk_NNS .
unk_NN had known she could see unk_RB again the next week when they set off an exploratory trip to make their final decision about working in the future unk_NN .
but for goodness sake , she was supposed to have weekend still to deal with this before seeing unk_RB again .
" what are you doing here ? "
she demanded .
yes , this was a friendly midwest , but unk_NN recognized not the tiniest hint of welcome in her voice .
now she was just plain irate .
and scared .
some of the spark in unk_NNP 's hazel eyes faded .
" last week , we said we could meet up for the trip since we both headed the same way .
and unk_NN , i said , i will find you .
and here you are .
" montana !
because unk_RB asked her to forgive him , they talked on the phone for a few minutes every couple weeks in unk_NN .
" you see soon " " unk_RB said in her cell a week ago .
" sorry , i-i exhaled , " unk_NN slowly and her eyes closed .
they opened to unk_IN crossing the space between them tentatively , then offering a greeting hand .
they mechanically unk_VBD unk_NN and cautiously unk_RB took a seat in the other extreme on the bench .
he looked younger than his hair shaved , smoothed by many of the tortured lines that marked it three months earlier .
as the light in his eye , unk_NN flickered , begging , to let it come back to life as she promised him forgiveness for what he had done .
she let light live or blow it back out .
her heart hurt as she crossed her arms on top of her gray unk_NN , and tried the hint of a smile .
" i 'm , really 'm sorry .
i really was just expecting you . "
" i know , " unk_NN lips twisted into a smile .
" i just thought i could drop by so we could take the trip to morocco together .
i carry your stuff .
and i thought , uh , i 'll see where you live , maybe meet your parents . "
all of the unk_NN fought with polite words , the while nearly swallowing her tongue .
" meet my parents . "
she blinked hard at the memory of unk_NN , connecting first with her face , sudden gravity as she spun in the dirt and collapsed .
unk_IN pressing the hunting knife into her throat and dragging her into the forest .
this guy is a killer .
brother and her best friend unk_NN .
and hes insanely her insanely possible for the future .
as a little panicked , her gaze flitted from her little sanctuary in the trees to a cedar bench there as long as she could remember .
beyond the house , she had always known her childhood bedroom in the living room where she ripped the open presents , christmas and coffee drank a good novel .
" ok , " she blurted .
" my parents were n't here now , though .
they still work for both . "
" fine . "
unk_RB leaned back on the bench , seemingly content , just taking shades of changing autumn leaves .
unk_NN suddenly felt smothered , faced at the prospect of the next several days in his company .
what in the world are they supposed to talk about ?
she eyed him sideways , but he just sat there in that zen-like tranquility of nature .
it was making her crazy .
" i 'm taking karate .
your instructions , " she informed him just break in silence .
unk_NN 's eyes lit up in surprise and he tore his gaze into the unk_JJ trees .
" good .
unk_RB raised one eyebrow and grinned dangerously as he eyed unk_NNP 's long plaid skirt .
" think you can show me some of what you have learned .
" that ?
" why not ? "
unk_NN frowned .
" right now .
like you fight .
are you serious ? "
sure . "
i 've got to see if you unk_VBP unk_VBG . "
" besides , " tone unk_NN quiet yet .
" i do n't think you 'll turn down the chance to give me a few good kicks . "
suddenly , he was on a bench and a few feet away from the feet , planted firmly on the ground .
" unk_NN , are n't nice ? "
" now , " unk_NN was grinning solemnly , " i do n't want to mean you , either since this is our first fight .
so today i am just going to use the skills like a beginner .
just show me what you got . "
that unk_RB sidestepped back to her back , so fast she barely had time to register he was going to try to grab her behind .
not ready .
unk_NN 's eyes widened as she racked her mind for what she was supposed to do in this situation .
she was going to the classes on every stinking day , after all .
even if unk_RB had told her to do karate to make her feel better , it had worked .
whacking and kicking , things ended up in a very entertaining way to spend the last months in there .
the correct kick flashed in her mind as she was already beginning to execute it from instinct .
she managed to twist away unk_AFX just in time , feeling the brush in his arms , feeling her cheek .
ha ha !
apparently all hours of practice were paying off .
but now unk_RB coming from her again , ready to take a swing over her head .
easily moving , unk_NNP ducked left , just in time , then rolled to the ground and shot a strong kick upward in the belly of barely missing unk_NN .
it appeared in her muscles , really stronger than all those hours spent in unk_AFX karate studio .
" man ! "
he eyed her , something she could almost call in appreciation .
" fast , are you ?
can you hold me off while those lightning kicks ?
unfortunately , because i 'm bigger , i 'll do this . "
before she even knew how it happened , he hauled her to her feet and had her tree near-by tree .
there was no way she could escape his weight and his steely grip on her elbows , tightened painfully if she even attempted to move .
" no , no . "
she shrieked , feeling the rage of losing and the powerlessness of not being able to do the thing for it .
it could blame on only a child , but unk_NN hated unk_NN .
" get me ! "
there will be she grunted and flung backwards over her head , just where she imagined unk_NNP 's eye socket .
she actually saw a few white stars in her skull , but his face was more , but the satisfaction of him swear more than his breath was worth it .
but that would move her last .
hold on her elbows even more tightened , and unk_RB pressed her farther against the tree , his cheek plastered to hers .
" ok , you win , " she pronounced carefully speaking to her lips , only centimeters from the bark of tree .
" you did really well , though . "
the hiss of unk_NN breath in her ear was quite annoying .
" i 'll show you how to do with this hold , i got your arms in .
someday i hope you might be able to kick my rear in a fight , well , for least if i have in the flu . "
unk_NN glared , hoping he could see her scowl on the side as he pulled away from her and released the death hold in her arms .
a sharp crack sounded across the clearing .
a unk_NN gaze jerked upward with a flurry of dust and bark rained down over her head , the dull unk_NN of the object slamming into her tree .
" down ? "
unk_RB growled in her ear .
with her knees buckled , his weight slammed into her and they crashed to the ground .
at her first thought , there was bullet in it .
someone is shooting at us .
unk_RB remained on top of her and she flipped her head to the source of the sound , a little frantic more .
unk_RB unk_RB whipped out the gun and into a position to shoot anything that came out of sight of the trees .
but instead of another bullet in a low voice cut across the clearing .
" get away from her or you unk_VBP a dead man .
next time i do n't miss . "
unk_NN mind unk_VBD over , unbelieving .
this is not happening .
unk_NN 's forearm tensed at the gun as a lanky man in the denim jacket appeared unk_VBD into the golden oak tree .
his eyes narrowed , and he was trained in the unwavering shotgun exactly in unk_NNP 's head .
" do n't shoot ? "
unk_NN screamed , man , holding the gun .
" it 's ok .
do n't shoot ! "
she roughly elbowed unk_RB in a sizzling chagrin face .
" get off . "
she gasped .
" i ca n't breathe .
he did n't shoot us , it 's just my dad . "
rachel met rachel , and her husband of eduardo had married unk_NN unk_NN .
they have three adorable children , and currently live in a beautiful unk_NN .
unk_GW @ hotmail.com @ , im not crazy .
now i hate one of the unk_NN , but when i say all hell broke loose , im talking to fire and brimstone kinda hell .
in some quick first background , the point of photo , my friend isaac had taken the picture , we were climbing for nearly twelve hours and now roughly the 1500 feet on the valley floor .
we started up the face of the steep snow , well before dawn , and the day break looked like the skies clear and the winds light .
it was really a beautiful day .
mid-morning had all changed .
the skies clouded over and brought it to the winds , plummeting into the snow between temperatures and light .
no biggie right .
you could say most unk_NNS a few flurries normally would n't increase in a pucker factor .
i could n't go to the definition of the pucker factor , but trust me , the high pucker factor was really not good .
as it was , we were looking at a low unk_NN so i really was n't worried too , but i could keep a watchful eye on deteriorating conditions .
shortly after that photo , hell all broke loose .
the skies became angry and violent .
the temperatures hovered at zero and the snow snow opened up in a full blown blizzard .
has anyone every ice cube dropped into your back ?
well , that was a welcome relief as a pile of snow .
fortunately , due to my superior intellect , i was able to recognize the repetitive event after only caught them five times .
before the sixth dowsing of snow , i pulled my hood over my head .
i know i know pure genius .
isaacs and my plan the climb is simple .
once we reached that snow , the slope of it was easy ( but dangerous ) , climbing to the summit .
no problemo , right ?
or so we thought .
i have to admit .
by the time we were making that traverse as a diamond , i was tired .
i have n't worked with my conditioning , as well as i was wearing prior to the climb and the higher elevations , really me out .
to make matters worse , i ca n't bring enough food or water , so my energy reserves are pretty low .
to my relief isaac led to traverse while i hung back and paid out the rope .
i hung a large block that had been sheltered from me in avalanches of spindrift above , while i watched isaac pick his way off the cliff .
a little little , he alternated with his hands and feet as he moved sideways , relying on hand and footholds hold him on a steep cliff .
there , hanging from the cold , howled the winds .
i feel like the energy draining my body in a minute .
i shivered uncontrollably now and shook out each hand to knock some warmth back on them .
time seemed to move so slowly as i watched isaac traverse that cross .
every so often isaac placed a piece of climbing gear into rocks , and the rope threaded it .
if he fell , hed only drop the length of climbing gear , instead of 1500 feet below .
halfway stopped to traverse isaac .
he was now a point , unk_NN called a notch .
unk_NN break the wide notch in the cliff , ran nearly to top of the mountain .
it was far less steep and if it was viewing the distance , it was even considered the unk_NN carved on the top of the cliff .
i watched isaac statue stand far out in front of me .
he did n't move .
he did n't look up .
he did n't look around .
he just stared straight ahead .
come on , sally .
grow some balls and move .
im freakin unk_NN here , i remember thinking about myself as i watched him stand idly by .
just then , the white world went to me .
enormous spindrift , the avalanche careened off to face the cliff behind me and completely blocked my view of isaac .
holy unk_JJ , i yelled out , only i ca n't say unk_NN .
no , that lot of snow , enough to fill up a couple of very large houses .
i felt taut on the rope go and pulled hard to take up slack .
i am scared .
i feel the feeling was sickening in the pit of my stomach as i envisioned isaac swept over the cliff with an avalanche .
later , as the last of the snowy dust floated on by , i could see him .
there was still standing where i saw him last .
rope only gone taut due to the snow weight as it rushed to it .
isaac was not swept away .
dude , did you see that ?
i yelled out isaac but he never heard me .
i saw isaac look up at a notch unk_NN quickly then shuffle across .
facing the mountain , he moved with his foot right to his right , then moved his left foot over to match it .
and over , isaac repeated the shuffling sequence of cliff as he continued to stare up at the top .
as he moved , i paid out the rope , holding him in case , he lost his footing and slipped off the edge of the cliff .
i was his lifeline , but i had no idea if i could hold his weight in the fall of the fall .
watching him cross , i looked down at the full length of the 1500 foot cliff .
we are high .
due to deteriorating conditions , we needed to move faster and place less than route gear gear to fall .
i felt damned scared , but my fears were buried and concentrated on my job .
moments later , isaac made it on the other side of the snowy slope .
suddenly , i heard a loud unk_NN .
isaac is gone again .
i pulled hard on the rope and locked off my belaying device .
then i saw it in the falling snow .
mother of all spindrift avalanches , creating a white cloud of snow rushed down the snowy face and cliff .
oh crap .
i remember saying my mind , but again i did n't say a crap .
i braced myself again with the tug i figured isaac .
seconds later , the rope went slack .
the snow was clear out isaac was , still clinging to the rocks on the other side of the snow slope , and he was grinning at the ear to ear .
unk_NN , did you see that ?
isaac yelled from the cliff face to me .
the rush of beating the tempest had his adrenaline pumping .
i see he is scared , invigorated yet .
ok , man , youre up next , he yelled out to me .
a sick feeling swept over me .
it was indeed in my turn to run a gauntlet .
i looked at me in a futile attempt to avoid the inevitable , but finally isaac yelled back over to me again .
unk_RB , you got to hurry .
lets go , he yelled out at me with a deep impatience in his voice .
quickly , i dismantled anchors , holding me a mountain and started my way through the rock and the snowy cliff .
in a hand of hand , i reached anything i could grab , each time checking the double isaac isaac was taking up slack .
the rocky face was cold and now the dusting of snow light had it .
my thin unk_NN gloves were great when the temps were in forties , but now , hovering the temps around zero , rendering the gloves almost useless .
my fingers were so cold that they were cramping as i reached my next handhold .
i become increasingly worried , i was n't going to be able to hold on much longer .
my survival instincts kicked in and i was deep dug .
i moved quickly and deliberately , but the awkward lunges continually held me by balance .
my heart was pumping , and i could feel the building with anxiety as i closed the distance , the snowy slope to my right .
a minute later , as giving my hands out , i made my final step towards the slope of the snow , where i fell forward and rested .
good job dude , now cross unk_NN , i heard isaac yell at me as i lay and rested .
as if in a dream state , i heard him yell at me , and you got time in avalanches .
i yelled out in disbelief .
up at that moment , i had n't realized the amount of falling snow .
some point out of that cliff , snow increased in intensity with heavy to savage .
the snowflakes were large and the rate of nearly two feet accumulating an hour .
that much unstable snow behind us , spindrift avalanches now rolling down the unk_NN a notch every fifteen seconds .
crossing wide at 50 feet , unk_EX take that fifteen fifteen in seconds if you moved fast .
if you were n't disastrous to the result .
that much snow could easily sweep you off and into the cliff .
perfect , i remember saying myself .
no sooner than i unk_VBD , i watched the barreling wall of snow down to me as it roared into the snow , the narrow valley slopes above .
quickly , i dug my hands and feet into the snow and hung on .
i watched only a moment then just at impact , i buried my head down on my shoulders and braced myself with a terrifying wave of snow .
first , the snow flowed from me in a gentle stream of water , but that did n't last long .
a split second later , i felt a full snow wall force raged on top of me .
it taunted me , laughed at me , mocked my insignificant strength as it pushed and dragged me to lower my unk_JJ position .
nooo , i remember screaming in my mind to my feet , broke free of the solid land and floated into space .
on the edge i was going on the cliff , the cliff edge perched on the 1500 feet of the world .
is this really going to suck ?
suddenly , all went quiet .
as quickly as the avalanche came , it went .
i immediately crawled higher and leapt to my feet .
i gave a cursory glance at the edge of the cliff just inches from me , then over isaac .
he was smiling at unk_NN ; you were almost cratered for a man .
he yelled at me .
then he added , lets go now .
i knew i had only seconds the next wave of snow came .
isaac pulled hard on the rope , snapping me into my foggy state , and i started off the open slope of the snow .
the snow was now deep , almost to my knees , and i dug deep into my reserves in a heavy mess plow .
forty feet about thirty feet about twenty feet , i powered the locomotive steaming slope , focusing on unk_JJ only destination .
i saw isaac look upward , and i knew the way of its disaster .
harder and more determined , i plowed into the last steps of the feet .
at twenty feet of ten feet , then i heard the roar of the wave above .
i looked up and saw the next roiling wall of snow as it charged down the slope of the snow .
suddenly , i felt a hard jerk of my jacket only that it was n't above it sideways .
isaac reached out , grabbed my jacket and hauled me to safety .
dude , man , you are almost a pretty cool statistic , huh ?
isaac yelled at me with a roar of an avalanche .
yeah , cool , i replied grimly .
isaac had set up the anchor anchor system , and for a moment i felt fairly secure .
i looked over at isaac and he was now looking at the rock wall behind us .
ok man , we got to climb up this rocky face , then step into a diamond corner .
thats where it gets sketchy little .
well do that short rock pitch , then step off that and the snow slope above .
ok , sound .
i remember isaac asking for me .
yup , i replied , teeth gritted through gritted .
what are we thinking ?
the freakin diamond is what is the unk_JJ peak in the middle of the winter , we are insane .
whats the diamond you ask ?
only the mother of all the rock faces in colorado .
its nearly 2000 , sheer feet and the rock is overhanging , only the best and most skilled in the climbers to climb .
fortunately , we were only planning on doing the very last fifty feet of it .
at least that was the plan .
that last section was supposed to be relatively easy climbing , but now it was getting dark , and the snows really accumulating the rocky surfaces we were depending on handholds .
hold me , i want to check out a diamond , isaac said to me .
i paid out the rope as he worked lower his way to the cliffs edge .
once there , he grabbed a rocky handhold and extended himself out to drop the 1500 foot off .
he looked down for a moment , then his left survey the upper face we were to climb about .
he stared at it , what felt like an eternity .
i shouted out the howling winds .
isaac pulled himself back to the land and worked his way back up to me .
no way , it is a man aint happening .
that whole face is covered in snow , said isaac .
we got to find another way up .
any suggestions ?
yeah , unk_VB t my pants , then use the axes of my ice to climb up the snowy mess in front of us , i suggested .
isaac looked up to the wall of rock snow and ice , stood between us and the slope of the upper snow higher than twenty feet .
if we just get it , the summit is only more than a few hundred feet , climbing the snow easy .
isaac turned to me and said , ok go to unk_NN # unk_VBG your pants for .
i have done unk_JJ unk_NN , # you got me , i replied dryly .
i took out my ice axes , unk_NNS looped my wrists and approached the mess in front of me .
those who do n't know what the ice axe is , pick miniature of it from the axe .
you swing to pick the ice and pull the handle to climb higher .
its that simple .
i brushed the heavy snow from the rocks and searched for a handhold .
as i placed my hand on a nice blocky surface , it slid quickly off .
the ice thin layer of ice was now glazed over the rocks surfaces .
it was no use .
using my hands alone , just were n't going to work .
undaunted , i decided to use to pick my ice , the axes of a higher climb try .
i placed the front point in a tiny crack and pulled hard .
it held .
i pulled the handle of the axe and moved as higher as isaac had paid out the rope .
was this scary climbing , unk_NN ( pucker factor ) at 8 ?
the ice axes used to thick ice where the point of front sinks the axe into the deep ice , you giving a secure hold .
now , my points in the front axes were the only rock held rock in shear .
if i moved the wrong way , they could just easily pop off the rock and id fall , not good .
i moved up a few feet from the outer corner where the blocky face met above with a diamond face .
gingerly , i placed my axes on glazed rocks and pulled hard trying to get them on a stick .
i then peered out around the corner .
isaac was right .
that diamond was literally covered with snow .
i looked up at the corner ; i was now climbing .
higher than a few feet , it appeared to be became , more blocky texture and the climb was easier .
the problem was , id have to straddle the corner of one leg with a blocky face , and the other in diamond face .
id been literally hanging at the 1500 feet from the valley floor , only tiny points of my axes .
got me !
i yelled at winds isaac .
isaac has seen fear in my eyes .
he smiled unk_RB and yelled , ok. my stomach churned as i looked down into the falling snow .
it was almost dark and i could barely see the large blocks of snow on the valley valley far below .
my hands sweated even while they froze in the handles of the axe .
i was scared , damned scared .
unk_NN i reached up and scraped off some snow with me , looking for good placement .
feeling around , i located the tiny crack , and the axe point slipped it .
as i was weighted with it , i moved my right foot out into the face of diamonds .
half of my body hanging out at over 1500 feet in the air , i now straddling the edge of the hairy edge of my raging fear .
i do n't want to look down i ca n't really .
something in my subconscious mind wo n't allow me to do it .
suddenly , the wild blast of the arctic wind slammed my body , rocking me in my stance .
my feet skidded momentarily , then one popped its placement .
quickly , i found another hold of foot , but then again another gust of wind slammed me , knocking loose both feet .
in an instant , i was now dangling from my ice axes on the 1500 foot cliff , swinging wildly in the wind .
the fear roiled at me .
i lost my breath as i searched frantically for my feat without any type of purchase .
freaking and unk_VBG were fumbling , i was running the strength and running at time .
i needed a miracle .
another gust has broadsided me .
my left axe wobbled and popped its feeble placement .
oh , my god !
i remember saying myself .
this is it .
this is how im going to die .
i felt another tug , then .
isaac had anticipated my fall , and now doing his best to reel what the little rope slack he could find .
i felt my lunge sideways at him .
he was nearly pulling me from the cliff .
as i flailed the air , i made a desperate attempt to hook my axe anything to hold .
isaac tugged again and drew me into the corner .
i reached for the blocky face and i scrambled to my feet to find something to stand on below .
suddenly , my foot found something about the tiny unk_NN unk_NN .
i stepped out of it and immediately pushed hard , forcing me closing for isaac .
the moment held it then it did n't .
i sprung at the cliff once more , again dangling , thrashing wildly in the wind .
i feel the veins of my neck pulsating with savage fear .
what felt like mere hours seconds , but it was enough to drain me all the mental and physical strength .
i could barely hold any longer .
isaac tugged hard .
i made another desperate lung with my free hand .
the axe caught the edge and stuck .
my feet found a stance .
for a moment it was over .
i found a respite .
somehow isaac hauled me the face of the diamond , pulled me into the corner , and i was now standing a few feet from him with the blocky face above .
with strength and my mind , i jump backward and dropped the snow next to isaac slope .
i collapsed into my tiny crater and rested .
unk_VB watch out the avalanche of an avalanche .
isaac hollered out .
moving instinct alone , i rolled my stomach and dug my frozen hands into the deep snow as i planted my boots on me .
i buried my face in the snow and waited .
a thick wave of violent rolled on top of me , isaac stood firmly and held me a rope .
i fought hard in my position , but no forces match in nature .
very little strength left , i ripped from my position and dragged the unk_NN to the edge of the cliff .
abruptly my slide came to a stop as the snow fought to push me further .
i felt a wave that could dissipate the avalanche and i looked up to investigate my predicament .
there stood standing in clenched teeth , isaac .
his arms were outstretched , he hauled back on the rope and prevented my cliff slide .
are you just going to lay there unk_VBG all night ?
isaac shouted in the wind .
quickly , i jumped to my feet and plowed into the deep snow , ascending a short distance between us .
so what do you think ?
wan na give it another shot ?
isaac asked , grinning from ear to ear .
if i was n't so tired , id kill you right now .
so what ?
now youre gon na unk_VB when so close to the summit .
teased isaac .
yes , i replied bluntly .
lets call a good , hell get here , isaac responded in a grave tone .
at that point i was too tired to do anything but belay him back down the slope of the snow .
darkness had finally come , and the snows were raging now , reducing visibility to near conditions .
isaac ascended higher than the slope and waited for the next avalanche to pass through .
even before a rush dissipated , he started off the other side .
i paid out the rope , frozen finger , as he plowed his way into the deep snow .
forty feet about thirty feet , isaac moved with determination .
he was nearly mark halfway when i heard him scream in the wind .
hold me !
just then , isaac caught an avalanche .
the intensity of the blizzards was heightened , dumping even greater amounts of snow on the upper regions of us .
the snow unk_JJ created spindrift , unk_VBN with greater quantity and ferocity .
isaac jumped to the ground and burrowed in as quickly as he could , but it was too late .
the snow wave rolled him , knocking him backward and dragging him onto the mountain .
hold me hold on me .
i heard him scream out from the now barely audible twenty feet from him .
i pulled hard and watched in desperation as he continued to slide over the edge of the cliff .
his isaac slid rolled over his stomach and pounded in his hands and feet into the snow were trying desperately to anchor himself on the slope .
downward , he slipped about twenty feet of fifteen feet at the edge of ten feet from the cliff .
his boots seemed to be mere feet from going over .
the wave slowed so did isaacs descent .
he jumped up and tried to swim higher up the slope .
seconds later , he jumped back down once more and his limbs buried the snows behind him .
i pulled hard on the rope , holding him to be inevitable .
a malevolent entity , again , snow raged on top of him , threatening him punishing him his mountain presence .
isaac fought in his life , he began to his downward as a cliff slide .
fifteen feet , ten feet , five feet .
i watched in horror as his feet broke the crust of snow defined on the edge of the cliffs .
isaacs feet were now dangling from the air .
the man swimming through the mighty rapids above the river , isaac flailed his arms and nudged his knees higher .
then , as quickly as the avalanche was struck , it was gone .
isaac leapt to his feet and lunged at the snows as he fought his way to the far side of the slope of the snow .
he was safe .
its a cake cake .
your dude in turn .
isaac yelled at the other side .
the gods of nature smiled down at me .
i timed avalanches correctly , and the unk_NN sprang like a gazelle .
i remember the look of relief in isaacs eyes as i stepped to him , barely making it an avalanche next to the series .
nice night for a walk , eh ?
he asked , lovely , i replied in a pleasant tone .
the next five hours after isaac and i worked our way back to the mountain , then , a long and steep slope of snow , lead to the valley floor .
fortunately , us slowed , the blizzard , all of quite a bit and spindrift avalanches , but disappeared .
by the time we got back to our camp , it was midnight .
we were climbing almost 20 hours straight .
ive told this story before and usually receive the same reactions , shakes same , and standard verbal unk_NNS why you do that .
are you freakin crazy ?
well , all i have to say is that crazy man is n't dangled from a solitary axe in the ice , 1500 feet above the ground , petrified with comprehension .
nope , go , crazy man , let .
im not crazy .
ps : later , my years isaac , a friend , tangled another avalanche while climbing alone .
sadly , he never made it out alive .
thanks , reading .
if you enjoyed the short story from above , please read the following chapters of a tear sample ( time tear as torn ) .
again , never see the past world as they remembered as one death could change the worlds destiny forever .
the eight-year-old lena williams of the energetic raced back and forth across the worn lawn as she chased the tiny moths that had hidden themselves between the blades of the grass .
with each swipe in her hand , she expertly snatched the tiny white targets in midair , then released them back into the world safely .
oh yeah .
unk_NN , did you see that ?
asked lena proudly .
damn le like youre a ninja or something , unk_NN replied .
beaming , pride , replied lena , too bad mom did n't see my skills .
shes working on le .
shell be home for a couple hours .
maybe you can show her then , answered .
moms always working , said lena lena , then , too bad we do n't have unk_NNS dad added to the next door .
then mom would stay home too .
le have you , dad ?
he just did n't come around no more , and unk_NNS mom did n't work shes lazy cause , unk_NN replied as delicately as he knew how .
lena lena stopped running and sat down next to unk_VB .
do you ever see your dad , unk_NN ?
lena lena asked .
not a long time .
not since before he went into the prison .
that was before you were born , replied .
oh , lena said simply .
you miss im .
he was n't much around even before he was sent up , answered .
well , i miss my dad , replied lena .
damn le you have never even seen im before .
how did you even miss im ?
neil blurted out a quick reaction .
i just do unk_PRP sure he misses me too , replied lena .
unk_NN knew that his sister was hurting her fathers rejection .
hoping to take her mind in her pain , he searched anything to distract her .
hey le , check out those moths over on the street .
bet you do n't catch em at all , unk_NN said with a challenging smirk .
bet i can , replied lena laughing .
immediately , lena sprang to her feet and darted at the edge of the road , both hands sweeping into the air as she lunged for more moths .
unk_NN watched her for a moment , then became distracted as an older unk_NN of faded paint , slowly drifted to a stop sign at the beginning of their street .
at first , the long length of time spent a stop as a stop , the old sedan made a conspicuous sight .
more of his attention was focused on the car .
something just was n't right .
he squinted hard as he tried to see darkened tinted windows , but it was no use .
remained a mystery occupants .
unk_NN began to feel uneasy .
the old unk_NN was literally parked a stop , what was a sign , now felt like eternity .
he glanced over at lena then back to the suspicious car .
the knot in the pit of his stomach began to grow .
come le here in a minute , unk_NN said with a nervous tone .
just a minute of unk_NN .
i almost caught em all , replied the lena , indifferent her world .
unk_NN saw the brakes release to the old unk_NN , then stop quickly again , almost as if accident .
he looked up at the street to see if the vehicle was intended pulling on but reconsidered due to another passing car .
there were strangely no other vehicles in sight .
come over lena here , unk_NN said .
unk_NNS use her hearing the full name , stopped by lena and stared at her brother for a moment .
she could see a peculiar look spread over his face as he turned back to mysterious unk_NN .
whats the matter unk_NN ?
asked lena lena innocently .
that would be there for a while cars .
maybe you can go to the house in a minute , replied unk_NN , now feeling the anxiety for the moment .
ahhh , lena sounded out in protest .
i do n't want to go inside .
its just a unk_NN car .
besides , i take care of myself , stated lena proudly .
uh sure , huh , you just get out of the house , unk_NN responded bluntly .
just one more m. lena began , but the short cut of the revving of unk_NNS engine .
the lena of the house would damn damn now .
unk_MD shouted loudly .
suddenly , aggressively released the old unk_NN on its brakes and stormed around the corner .
the tires were squealing and smoke billowing from the car as an old sedan charged up the street behind them .
oh , unk_VB murmured , himself , almost sobbing in tone .
unk_VB the little time to react , sprang to his feet and hurried to his sister .
lena stood paralyzed in confusion .
she knew something was wrong , but too young and naive , to fully understand unk_NNS actions .
unk_VBZ watched in horror as unk_NNS dark tinted windows began to lower .
within seconds , his worst fears realized the occupants , their guns extended out into the windows .
the deafening sound came from their automatic weapons in life .
as the bolts of white light streaked the ends of the unk_NN gun unk_NN lunged at the lena barrels , knocking her to the ground .
he instinctively rolled top of her to protect her as a hail of bullets tore into the ground behind them .
unk_NN faded , roared unk_NN past , and the lena lena lay on the front lawn , unable to their minds and bodies to react .
in slow time , unk_NN seemed to almost count the bullets as they exited the guns .
one one of each bullet missed it , mark .
unk_NN looked into his sisters eyes .
she did not hit .
suddenly , he realized they were both alive and it made shooting drive-by .
unk_VB quickly leapt at his feet , pulling lena up towards him .
the spread still two alive was in sight , quickly the car driver .
in an instant , he slammed his brakes and brought the old unk_NN to a quick halt .
throwing it in reverse , he immediately roared , backward street from unk_NN and lena lena .
seconds later the driver slammed the brakes once more , and the heavy vehicle brought a quick stop .
lena grabbed waist and sprang from the edge of the road .
in stride , gazelle , he bounded across the front lawn , amazing speed and agility , his adrenaline pumping in full capacity .
unk_NN came to a stop , open all its doors flung open and four young men exited the vehicle quickly .
with their still drawn guns , they wasted no time in continuing their task .
unk_VBZ leaped on the top step to his front porch and felt a sharp razor-like object of the object on his left side .
before the first bullet could even register the second bullet struck him on the right shoulder , rendering his arm useless .
instantly , the porch of the porch dropped to unk_NN , collapsing over her .
an eerie , quiet neighborhood spread through the four reloaded thugs .
knowing this was their only hope for survival , unk_NN crawled through the front door and tried to wrap his fingers in the lower corner .
with his hand covered with blood , they slipped off the edge of the door .
get le stay in the house , unk_NN low , ordered .
scared of lena and crying lay with her brother , unable to move .
get out of lena moving now .
unk_NN shouted .
im scared of the lena whimpered .
you block .
go now up hurry .
be confidently assured .
nodding reluctantly , the lena quickly stood up and pulled the front door open as unk_NNS moved with her shield of four men nearby .
instantly the roar of bullets unleashed a swath through the destruction in front of the house , breaking the windows and knocking against the siding shingles .
as the lena began to enter the house , another bullet unk_NNS entered lower back , knocking him forward , the door , it was momentarily closing the body of unk_NN .
bearl rolled on his side and dropped down on the porch deck once more .
lena cried out with fear and disbelief .
get inside of lena .
go now .
unk_NN said , his voice audible barely now .
no , i can help you , replied lena , determination .
before unk_NNS could protest the lena were reached down and grabbed him by his shirt .
she pulled all her unk_NNS , which pushed his feet .
suddenly , the lena exhaled abruptly and sounded like a guttural moan as the bullet struck her in the chest .
immediately , she slumped to the ground , then rolled on top of the unk_NN .
both victims down , the four thugs ran into the back of the waiting car and sped off .
once again , the eerie , quiet swept of neighborhood , one neighbors , one ventured out at unk_NN .
further south , the mountain of signal stood dr. unk_NNS on his wooden deck .
sadly , he checked his watch against the unk_NN .
for a moment of solemn respect , he uttered a few simple words to forgive me about lena .
save your death thousands .
turning away , he stared out into the city and spoke .
the dominoes of destiny was now tumbling unk_JJ , david .
flowing south placidly into the city , the river touched the edge of civilization , then abruptly changed course and headed north , the past signal mountain .
sitting patiently on an elevated boulder , the young boy hung his makeshift fishing pole in the water in an attempt to catch his breakfast .
looking at the city , he could see tall stacks of smoke that emitted evidence of men , toiling at work .
the light blew a gentle breeze from the valley of the grasses of the high plains , carrying it a fragrance of fresh cut hay and wildflowers .
the breeze brushed his face , filling his tiny nostrils with scent of nature , and sending a warm contentment to his body as the sun shined down at him .
he reveled in his independence as he envisioned the other boys suffering from school while he enjoyed his day of unk_NN .
bend limits to the sharpest of the city , the small force of the confederates guarded by the main dock and prepared the supplies to unload .
in the morning sun , the direction of the regimental captain , the men formed a human chain that led the boat to the horse-drawn wagons .
in a hand in hand , they passed through goods and ammunition , one soldier passed the next sequence until the final soldier was arranged and supplies were stacked neatly on the back of the wagon .
at this hour of the day , the sun sat lower than a cloudless sky , warming the temperatures to a comfortable seventy degrees .
if it was not their unk_JJS duty for the task , the soldiers normally enjoyed a balmy climate .
when the wagon was completely filled , the driver snapped the reins of the horses team and started off their encampment , unk_IN unk_IN the next driver of the line took his place loading .
dock swept the local merchant on an elevated wooden walkway in front of his general store .
at the rear entrance , the young man helped sacks of heavy load and the other supplies to the waiting wagon , which was delivered to a local resident .
the further boardwalk were hard on the blacksmith and the livery , work , attending the community needs , as well as those of the confederate officers that were entrusted their belongings with their care .
in the main thoroughfare of the secondary and unk_JJ roads , the tiny houses dotted the roads leading into town .
and mostly indifferent to the violent world within their borders , they went to their lives , contented their own daily struggles .
- there lay - to - having hidden the opposite side of the river into the dense thicket and underbrush , several companies of the union sharpshooters lay in wait .
quietly and undetected , they moved to the edge of the rivers in sneaking protection into the darkness .
concealed perfectly , they laid their stomachs and waited for their signal .
they watched the anxious fascination from the confederates on the opposite side of the river , which worked to unload their delivered supplies .
with their rifles aimed at their targets , they unk_VBD the time by calculating unk_NN and elevation .
time seemed to slow as they waited for their death signal .
two hundred yards away , they were well aware of their ability to hit their mark .
spread out on the shoulder shoulder , they presented a menacing sight .
seemed to wait , go on forever .
shifting their weight from side to side , they tried to alleviate their discomfort .
their arms and legs fell asleep , they shook them out , unk_VBG blood against their extremities , feeling feeling their hands and feet gaining once again .
a few unlucky insects presented a distraction more than the lack of lack of their limbs .
regularity , find regularity , returning to their nest , their passage blocked the hulking mass of blue .
the investigation of ants angrily attacked any bare skin , biting and pinching the futile attempt to drive the enemy .
their feeble assault had met with equal aggression , the soldier swatted and crushed his irritating attackers .
their time was an enemy .
quietly waiting for the underbrush , each soldier pondered his own fate .
away from the foothills , on the edge of the river , the union artillery waited for their james unk_NN orders , unk_RB .
high his horse , barrel-chested and confident , he posed an impressive figure .
he sat pensively and observed the scene below .
lifting his unk_NN from his eye , he continued to look at the weakness and the opportunity .
with authoritative voice , he redirected the cannons down on the line for specific targets as he developed his plan for the impromptu battle .
the union soldiers were manned by their artillery stations ; they looked out into the valley , confederate soldiers drilling in formation in the far open field on the opposite side of the river .
several cannons were already directed at them , but with a quick nod of his head , unk_PRP ordered additional cannon support for that location .
feeling somewhat detached from the impending confederates of doom , they obeyed their orders and aimed indifferently for deadly weapons in the center of the field .
standing at their designated cannon , each soldier mentally prepared himself in battle .
from their elevated position and protected by the river , they all felt relatively safe , that would be safer with their comrades below on the river .
they had survived the battles of the previous years and well seasoned with their trade .
they knew that the casualties would be , but felt relatively sure that the element of surprise was one-sided fairly battle .
they looked down at their comrades , who crept up on the edge of the river just before dawn .
a sense of sadness and anxiety had come over them knowing they were in harms way .
any retaliation , the rebel forces would start with them .
the thickets was well-hidden , the confederate soldiers have a tough time unk_VBG the exact locations of each union soldier .
the confederates could hear the sound of the union rifles and fire in that direction .
most of the blue boys are lucky , and a wild escape and the lead volleys are harried .
some would not .
prepared for the previous 6th day of june , dr. unk_NN , one of the supply wagons , the makeshift operating table in preparation of the impending battle .
the commissioned medical officer in the regular union army , he held the rank of captain .
the military was serving as most of his life ; he was no stranger with the horrors of warfare that would bring .
his battlefield experience was extensive , the unk_CD mexican-american war had served with various indian campaigns and now war against the states .
dr. morgan was stout , short , older sixty man with a full head of white hair , a long , white flowing beard , and piercing blue eyes .
far from the union line in front , the doctor searched a suitable location to operate .
in the protected grove of birch trees , he found a large flat area of lush green grass .
ordinarily , dr. preferred the protected confines of houses and the barns , the private citizens had commandeered at the onset of battle .
the battle of unk_NN started to location , far removed from civilization in order to preserve the element of surprise , have a wooded clearing for suffice .
the previous day while the unk_NNS unk_PRP had prepared for his battle dr. morgan plan had scoured the foothills of the mountain of horseback signal .
as he rode up the rolling terrain , the trees and vegetation became less dense , allowing him to catch glimpses of the city .
off leveling he rode through a white birch forest , weaving a path in denser areas , until he found unk_RB , he recognized the qualities to find .
he deduced the small field would allow the bright light to operate by , and the trees on unk_NNS edge would provide shade comfortable in the wounded as they recovered .
it was n't perfect , but he felt he worked the worse conditions while fighting west .
this is certainly more tolerable than long , as the weather held good .
after locating the medical encampment like dr. morgan quickly summoned the wagon to be used to the operating gurney and his instruments were prepared .
the canopy was removed , he had arranged neatly in his supplies on the right side in length of wooden unk_NN .
in reach of arms , he placed his instruments first in the basin and canteen of water next , then batting the cotton and other last bandages .
on the head of the wagon , he arranged necessary supplies for the assistant , such unk_NN , bandages , and morphine , the form of powder , as well as opium , unk_NN .
in the preparation of place surgeries he rejoined the front lines , offering his assistance where he could an assistant to watch their makeshift hospital during his absence .
the following day , june dr. day of battle woke early in a restful night sleep , one of the many cannons aimed at the city .
he offered a tent to the accommodation , but special privilege declined to be electing to rough it like cannon instead of putting the others out .
a selfless man , he figured the boys fighting and dying , at least granted a small pleasure in the comfort of the tent .
after the years of adapting to the rigors of the warfare , he had learned to sleep wherever he laid his head .
the dawn of the new morning created the cool dew , soaked in unprotected parts of his body , mainly his legs and boots , producing a mild discomfort .
unk_NN had dried his clothing completely out and he focused on his duties in the day .
filling up the unk_NN with a hard unk_JJ cracker and some water , he administered the various unk_NNS to the soldiers who reported a sick call while he ate .
morgan was dr. man of compassionate and sympathetic , older , but tough nonetheless .
there was his philosophy in private , " if you walk , fight you ! "
with his accomplished duties for a moment , unk_EX ordered dr. morgan to his station , reverent nod .
no words exchanged .
they were both seasoned with military men who understood each other implicitly .
the respectful salute turned the doctor and walked toward the soldiers , readying themselves to their own stations .
he could now see unk_JJ anxiety in their faces as he made his way past , and he flashed them to a courteous smile , trying to ease their worry .
- there - - - fire ?
his sword lifted from the exalted position in his head , unk_PRP roared in order to commence the firing .
loud and great authority , he repeated his simple command over and over as he rode up the line .
instantly , his men responded and the fuses had lit their cannons .
the violent demons came to life cannons , as they reported a thunderous roar , shaking the ground behind them .
the well-trained soldiers began to their work .
the three groups were loaded with one of the powder and unk_NN , one loaded with a shell or a heavy ball , and a third lit charge .
they were the machine working in perfect sequence , and timing to efficiently deliver to the enemy , their deadly payload .
the valley became awake below .
the loud cannon fire above signaled the sharpshooters below to unleash their own deadly volley of destruction .
in reflex , they pulled their triggers and sent tiny , yet the deadly pieces of lead on their individual paths of doom as they quickly reloaded their weapons with practiced speed .
they had only a second to think .
with a jolt startled by town and confederate soldiers tried both in place in their minds , quickly in the process of disbelief at their forthcoming death .
unable to move , they heard the air whistle hurled through them .
those with their backs of a volley waited and listened as the whistle grew quickly louder in a thunderous rush of the air .
fate and misfortune collided , so did shell and the flesh .
as a group of drilling the confederate soldiers , the first volley hit its mark with deadly accuracy .
the unlucky one private watched in horror as a shell found its mark in the chest of the unlucky companion marching in front of him .
killing his uniform in his flesh and ribcage instantly sensed him even in the mechanisms of internal shell , the impact of the impact .
a great explosion was fragmented in a canister with thousands of tiny projectiles completely disintegrating the whole soldiers existence .
there would be no burial for him as not as there was the remnant of his body .
continuing their way , found the fragments of shell now exploded from their next victim , soldier , watching .
the hot pieces of the metal tore into his body severed it from his extremities , as well as the molten metal in his own chest .
a few of the lucky escaped initial impact had ruptured the shockwave concussion from the explosion their eardrums , disorienting them and rendering them useless .
the other shells exploded , and the stunned helpless soldiers , the same gory results that affected the devastating loss of the entire company .
the waterfront , confederate soldiers , unloading supplies , had met the same fate as their drilling comrades were on the waterfront .
the shells fell over them , exploding thousands of fragments and tearing their bodies , killing closest to the impact while unk_VBG and the others were further away from the epicenter .
agony cries were heard as they fell .
the union sharpshooters unleashed their shot shot , the lead balls sailed in the air awful shrill , telegraphing their intentions .
collapsing on the ground , many of the screamed out in agony , clutching their bleeding wounds in a desperate attempt to relieve the pain of death overcame them .
the others in torment lay in unk_JJ shock , quickly enveloped their bodies at a loss of blood .
all of the city that first barrage of munitions would damage inflicted a devastating .
not only was the confederate encampment targeted , loading the docks river offices on telegraph stables in the livery and the blacksmith shops were also targeted .
anything used further than the cause of the confederates was targeted by the first volley of union fire .
within seconds of the first discharge , the union rifles and cannons sounded another quickly round , followed by a third and fourth volley .
for the next round of the union sharpshooters , the confederates lay more than dead and wounded , but this volley came to the unk_NN that unions exact positions .
orders to aim low , the confederates returned to the fire on the lower banks of the river .
as just as the confederates were defensive , the union soldiers were now and scrambled for a moment , unk_VBG the smaller fighting force .
the union command of the limits out of the city was loaded the confederates with several cannons .
were tucked away by a grove of tall oaks , protection from the elements , they easily missed their opposing force .
quickly the unk_JJ teams loaded their cannons and took careful aim at the union battery .
command to fire at the will , the confederates opened up the union forces staged in the mountain signal foothills .
with visibility reduced drastically to the repeated cannon fire , the union forces struggled to see the targets .
in time , the artillery union brigade saw heavy smoke from the confederate volley , it was too late .
instantly , thousands of fragments traveled from the point of impact , and found the first of their victims as two union soldiers who stood two cannons .
in the blink of an eye , their bodies most absorbed the fragments nearly obliterating any proof of their existence .
blood and bone splattered two cannons , the horrific pattern of death and destruction .
a second later , two more canisters roared first , two of these split impacting the bluff just below the union cannoning .
although the projectiles was embedded in earth and exploded , their destructive intention not denied .
the crash of the tree as it hit the ground went unnoticed by the union forces , their destructive force turned to cloud confederate smoke far out in the unk_NN .
with a wave of his sword , unk_PRP bellowed the order to silence the cannons to the far edge of town .
quickly , the three teams unk_VBD their cannons of confederate fading smoke , calculated the angle of a trajectory and lit their charges .
the cannons came repositioned for life in their unk_NNS that spewed fire , smoke and metallic death , recoil sending them reeling backward through their restraints .
jolted violently , his lazy stare up across the river , a young boy , sitting on the elevated boulder fishing after his breakfast , nearly fell into reflex water , loud explosions .
he quickly gathered his things and jumped into the rock rock , desperately fleeing for cover .
still on the bank of the river , he found two large boulders to hide behind , giving him a safe cover in a violent exchange .
any attempt to make the land could expose them to the combatants and draw fire to either side .
they grabbed their poles even harder and strained to push the tiny raft faster down the river .
with a hand in hand , they pushed the flimsy poles , nearly breaking them as they rushed to evade harms way .
the blisters formed painful and quickly broke leaving the fresh blood at the length of poles as they continued to push their lives .
on the left side of the raft , warning , a single stray bullet whistled through the air and impacted the back of the head of the first trappers .
the lead ball mushroomed and shattered his skull , propelling the brain bone and blood in front of his tattered clothes and onto the river .
instantly , he fell overboard and floated downstream .
in reality , him snapped back into focus on another bullet , embedded in one of the logs on the raft , fracturing it and sending the tiny splinters into the water .
he looked back to pelts beaver and muskrat , he and his now deceased as a friend toiled over for the previous two months .
he hesitated for a moment , then grabbed a handful of beaver pelts from his rifle and the tiny unk_NN of money , then quickly jumped into the water .
struggling to stay afloat on the weight of the rifle , he kicked his boots wildly into the water .
with his head dipped beneath the surface , he was about to let go of the rifle when his feet were touched bottom .
he pushed off the muddy floor of the river and popped his head into the water , took a gasp from the air , and the water sunk again .
finding the bottom of the river once more , he launched his unk_VBD body onto the surface and gasped for another breath of the air .
as he sank back into the water , his head was now in the water line .
he had managed to move close enough to shore , which could now wade the land of his handful of safe belongings .
spotting a large boulder to the rivers edge , he made his way to it , keeping his head mostly submerged in cover .
as a boulder , he threw his pelts and unk_NN on the higher ground and positioned his rifle into defense .
with a wet and useless powder , he was still aimed at his weapon , hoping he could not called on with the bluff .
shaking and scared a young boy huddled close to the rock , just having witnessed the drama that was trappers trappers unfold upriver .
at the age of seven tender , he had never seen a man killed before , and the sight of the old trapper violent death shook him to his core .
his world had changed for an instant , a graphic vision imprinted in his memory forever .
he wept openly as he watched the remains of the old man drift slowly downstream towards him .
a union corporal unk_NN fletcher , a part of the unk_JJ assigned artillery team was standing by his post when the first of four confederate shells exploded .
instantly , he dropped to the ground in agony .
as he cried out in pain , he clutched the dangling flesh , trying to irrationally it reattach the bone .
in his delirium , his world seemed slow .
no one noticed him as he sprawled on the ground as the cannons .
as the bullets passed over his head , he heard their whistle and forgot for a moment as his injury as self-preservation sense overtook him .
he rolled onto his belly and began to crawl .
pulling his arms and pushing his uninjured leg , he slowly worked his way out of the cannon and soldier , dragging the trail of blood towards him .
the unk_JJ shock began to develop a loss of blood became the pain of his gaping wound , less noticeable .
he moved faster and more determination .
suddenly , the soldier lay on his path , face down .
instantly , the skull exploded into the soldiers , covering corporal fletcher 's face with blood with bits of brain and bone .
he jerked away from reflex and cried out in fear , only to feel mind-numbing pain in his own injury .
as fear enveloped him further , he quickly crawled into the deceased soldier and continued his path .
up ahead , several yards away , he spotted a boulder for protection .
fear and anxiety coursed through his veins as he struggled to stay alive .
deliberately deliberately , he stretched his hands out in front of him , clawing at anything he could use further than his escape .
as he crawled , the elevation dropped off slightly , allowing him more protection into the passing bullets above .
he heard the sound of bullets , ricocheting off a boulder and deflecting the trees behind him as he instinctively ducked behind the sound .
with his adrenaline pumping , he reached down with his and dirt-stained shirt and ripped off the strip by its bottom edge .
a short distance away , pulling the private in a horse-drawn ambulance , a painful shriek of corporal fletcher heard the war thunder .
this was his first pass through as he searched the casualties .
hearing the horrific screams , he snapped the reins to the horses team and located quickly , suffering from the corporal , barely conscious , but still feeling his agony .
he leaped down to the unk_NN and ran to his side as a canteen of cool water .
kneeling , he placed the canteen from corporal lips and slowly poured a few swallows into his mouth .
corporal fletcher , his grave state choked and coughed into the water , entered his mouth , causing him to cry out in pain once more .
instinctively , he pushed the privates hand away and opened his eyes .
weakened , he said , they killed me .
the rebs killed me .
looking down at the blood corporal fletcher pooled in his leg , the private quickly realized the situation was gravity .
as he reached the fading corporal lift , he replied in nonsense .
does doc have a leg off no time ?
you are good as new as just a few days .
he smiled as he spoke hoping to lift corporal spirits .
even as the corporal deteriorated state , he knew the grisly torture that awaited him once back in a makeshift hospital .
he stiffened for a moment and looked down at his maimed appendage .
he had envisioned a painful procedure , then a disfigured remnant of the left of a sad reminder of the war reality .
disheartened , he slumped in the arms of private who struggled to lift him into the waiting ambulance .
sorry , the private responded sincerely , although there was little he could do to improve the comfort of the wounded .
moments later , his own screams in agony , he heard the cries of another wounded soldier loaded into the wooden ambulance .
he glanced over to see the young boy sixteen , thin , wavy yellow hair , roughly hauled from the gurney on the opposite side of the wagon .
a ghastly wound in his stomach , he did n't have long to live .
lying there in his agony , he cried out as god to end his suffering .
the corporal fletcher could almost feel the despair of the young boy as he waited in a vain irrationally for higher power to answer to his dying prayer .
with the realization that he was all alone , he retreated from the far recesses of his mind to his last haven for solace .
rolling his head from side to side , he murmured under his breath , " mama , mama . "
the young privates eyes widened for a moment as he quietly spoke in a receiving tone , " mama .
i love you . "
as the corporals world went black , he slipped into unconsciousness , having brought some measure of relief to the poor dying boy with him .
it was all he could do and it was enough .
shortly after losing consciousness , the young boy died quietly behind him , passing a horrific end in peace .
paced - to - dr. unk_NN paced back and forth to the operating wagon , envisioning envisioning envisioning each report of the union cannons .
the minutes felt like hours as he reached his pants pocket and pulled out his watch from the unk_NN pocket .
he pressed the tiny gold timepiece button and popped into cover exposing hands in time .
huh , only 10:30 he said aloud , frustrated at how slow time that felt anguish anguish .
he snapped closed under cover and shoved the watch back into his pants pocket once more .
returned to his pacing , he gazed at the grove of birch trees , trying to view the battle at his protected location .
barely visible through the smoke columns and seen debris rising off the floor into the valley .
the sight made him wonder how the confederates faring , and if their own surgeon were also pacing nervously .
it started to sound clicking low , barely audible .
dr. first thought it was cannon , reverberating off the mountains but persisted in the sound , he recognized the distinctive sound of repetitive .
it hooves the horses team as they trotted .
he strained his eyes in the direction of the sound , but still saw nothing .
he spun on his heels and ran to the operating wagon .
ok men on , dr. called out in a deep authoritative voice .
fetch my smock , he ordered a nearby private , sitting on the ground sunning himself .
yes , sir , the private responded quickly , hopping on his feet .
he pulled into the clearing and rolled the wagon waiting operating .
their morgan stood clean , white unk_NNS , dr. unk_NN , assistant george , george , unk_NN was standing .
resting earlier unk_RB and unk_NN .
the horses came to a halt in the rear of the ambulance , just the operating wagon .
immediately dr. wounded ran and his assessment began .
there were three soldiers lying on their feet above him .
he quickly saw fletcher 's corporal leg and the pool of blood collected from it .
as he climbed up the ambulance , the private driving wagon met him in the middle .
pointing at a sixteen young boy , he shook his head sadly and moved his gaze to the private laying at the bottom of the wagon between two gurneys .
assessing the situation , dr. quickly pronounced the young boy dead and turned his attention to the two men still living .
the feeling fletcher fletcher had to injury to unk_NN , he motioned for two privates to carry him to the operating table .
immediately the two lifted the ambulance gurney and over the other wagon .
as dr. cut away from the corporals portion , the pant leg of the unk_NN .
george unk_NN was prepared for unk_NN .
dr. looked up , while cutting while cutting abruptly to it .
he was unconscious .
i have his leg well off before he ever wakes up .
unk_NN stowed the unk_NN and replied , do you think he will ever regain this consciousness ?
i do .
dr. replied , simply added , then , once i can tie off those arteries , i think he 's ok if we can control infection .
unk_NN just nodded as he jumped down the wagon and came back around .
he stood for a moment and awaited further orders .
looking at the gruesome sight of unk_NN .
dr. watched unk_NN placed the mechanical unk_NN , just knee and femoral artery .
wrapping the leg strap , he pulled hard to tighten the cloth cloth over the skin .
he then turned the large lever in unk_NN to take the slack in excess .
moments later , blood oozed from the wound had slowed a slight trickle .
morgan dr. hands had already covered blood as he reached his scalpel .
his pant leg was gone , fletcher 's right right leg was fully exposed .
starting on the top surface of the leg , dr. unk_NN began as he explained the procedure to unk_VB .
unk_VB while he operated .
right , i know this is your first time , so i try as much explain as practicable .
first , we can determine the closest point of the incision wound .
we always try to leave as much as a unk_VBG limb as possible .
i say we can safely amputate an inch or so dr. wound said as he placed a scalpel on top of the leg .
looking up at his assistant , then fletcher a corp. up to ensure he was unconscious , he was now ready .
right then .
start the top here , he said , pointing to a scalpel .
we pierce the skin of the upper unk_NNS , that cutting like unk_NN , and just muscle .
this was really quite simple for him , unconscious .
at the bottom , he reached the leg , coming underneath underneath the opposite side and continued to make his incision up on the other side , ending at his first incision point .
unk_JJS , quick at the incisions , so two .
unk_NN barely had time to comprehend .
ok , i need you to pull back the first layer as i cut down the bone .
just careful your fingers , though .
i am moving here pretty fast , and we do n't want the accidental unk_NN of any of your digits , ok ?
dr. asked .
unk_NN nodded nervously over his head and placed his unk_JJ fingers on the incision and began to pull back the skin , it was wider opening for dr. morgan .
as he did this , he asked the question .
sir , why do n't we cut right down to the bone of the first pass ?
ca n't it be faster ?
looking up at his assistant , dr. morgan replied good question , lad .
we can do this to pass one , but we lose precision as we slice into deep muscle .
the remaining stump usually ends up , grossly disfigured , so acceptable than more , frequently leaving the appendage quite painful for use .
the practice incision double accepted as we were doing now .
we produce stump , retain more muscle tissue covering the bone , making it less painful as well as the more useful appendage .
unk_NN nodded , then turned his attention to his fingers as he pulled the incision open .
dr. reached a scalpel of bladed longer .
the first pass , the doctor sliced deeply into the flesh , though slicing through the muscle vein and tendons , hitting the bone and increasing the blood flow from the table .
as he was instructed , unk_RB .
unk_NN pulled back the freshly muscle sliced as the doctor worked quickly .
reaching the leg , once more , the doctor continued his unk_JJ incision at the bottom and worked his way towards the top .
with his hands saturated with blood , he reached for a long strip of a few cloth wide inches .
he worked to the bone , then pulled up each end of the strip , lightly suspending a moment 's leg .
he then pulled the cloth up in the leg , pulled higher muscles up to the bone .
ok , we pulled the muscles higher bone .
i cut the bone as close to the cloth as i can , without cutting it a cloth , that is .
when we release the cloth , the muscle will spring the back of its original position elaborated covering a couple of inches allowing the greater cushioning from the healing , dr. dr. .
he reached into his saw and placed his thumb on the bone of the guide .
resting on his thumb 's saw , he pulled two times to himself , leaving a small pilot slot on a cut start .
he then began aggressively saw the bone .
in seconds he was nearly bone as he began slow .
in the end , he pulled only to saw himself , insuring that bone was not splinter .
at the last pull of the saw , the lower leg was completely detached from the upper leg .
at the end of the table was a top-heavy foot rolled from one side under its own weight , and the grass table fell below .
blood , pooled at the end of the stump , assistant released the holding cloth of muscle .
quickly reaching the unk_VBN needle , the doctor began to tie off the various blood vessels , starting against the femoral artery .
right then .
see those strands of look of tiny pieces of twine .
they were various blood vessels , the lower leg supplied with blood .
those all need to be tied off or he can bleed to death , said the doctor as he worked .
bleeding completely stopped , he slowly released the unk_NN and watched the unk_NNS at the end of the stump .
seeing none , he then began to sew up the exposed wound .
he quickly pulled extra skin from the muscle and began a stitch of them .
when he was done unk_NN , he was allowed unk_RB .
unk_VB the bandage on an end while he rinsed off his tools and threw a bloody foot into the basket , carried away later .
turning to his assistance , he said dryly , he let 's hope that there would n't be too many these today .
unk_NN just nodded .
the whole bloody experience was almost too graphic for him as he tried the procedure process in his mind .
right , let 's have a fellow look like the other , shall we ?
the doctor asked rhetorically .
faster than they could operate , the privates had carried the more wounded union soldiers to the operating wagon .
quickly working to overcome numbers , dr. dr. set up another operating wagon with unk_NN .
work working side by side , dr. dr. his assistants work .
the two working doctors , a basket used to dispose of the limbs , since the long carnage of carnage .
the stench of heavy iron hung in the air as the blood spewed through the wounded .
the blank and pallor stared some out into nothingness as the reality of the deadened shock .
the others winced and grimaced at each breath , they took , and still the others cried out in agony , each time dying for a thousand deaths .
hearing suffering from their countrymen , only served to stiffen the resolve of both doctors to save more men .
the day and night , the two surgeons worked frantically to save the injured and dying .
despite their exhaustion , set in and hysteria and despair had overwhelmed them , they searched themselves for strength to continue .
eventually , their own bodies and minds began to fail them .
they pushed themselves into the limits of human endurance .
the battle did not complete yet , they both knew tomorrow would bring further death and pain .
if they were going to service the young men risking their lives in their country , they both need some much deserved rest .
the last light flicker with nearly spent oil lamps , the surgeons , soaked blood , their way made the other side of the clearing , their tents two canvas .
after a quick change of clothing , they laid down their cots and quickly fell asleep .
dr. unk_NN burst into david , swinging wooden unk_NNS and headed for scrub station .
" ok , what do we have ? "
he asked as he turned into the water and pulled on the dispenser of the soap , releasing a large dollop in his hands .
vigorously , he scrubbed with his fingertips on his elbows as he listened to his supporting staff with him in the emergency .
" doctor , we have a gunshot victim and the exit wound between the seventh and eighth rib entry into the abdomen .
her belly was distended , filling up with blood .
her vitals was low at sixty eighty-five .
her foley output are bright red and shes unk_JJ at the loss of blood .
her triage had been unk_VBN and was already infused with 2 plasma unk_NNS , " replied the surgical unk_NN , resident unk_NN , as he was too in scrubbed in the emergency surgery .
" so , she prepped . "
dr. unk_NN asked .
" yes , doctor .
replied unk_NN , prepped and ready , " dr .
" films ? "
dr. unk_NN asked with an abbreviated speech to the function of his occupation .
before he could receive the answer , the surgical surgical unk_NN burst unk_RB out of the door .
pulling her mask on her face , " she reported anxiously , " doctors , you better hurry .
her vitals was fast dropping .
fifty-five unk_NN is eighty , the ox of pulse is eighty-five . "
dr. unk_NN 's hesitation quickly responded , " gloves and gown now .
and set up a tray with unk_NN , just case unk_NN . "
both doctors washed the soap in their hands and arms quickly as the pressure and anxiety had worsened the situation .
we can get ultrasound here .
dr. unk_NN asked as he started to tie his gown .
yes , unk_NN .
dr. unk_NN replied , urgently .
moving through the double doors , dr unk_NN heard the sounds of alarms , medical equipment , medical medical , the crisis was patient .
he scanned the various devices for patients levels , continued to drop into the danger zone .
as he rushed to the side of the patients , dr. unk_NN eyes widen in disbelief as he realized the age of the tiny victim .
" my god , shes just a baby .
how old is she ? "
" eight years , " replied unk_NNS , exposing her voice sadly , what disguised in her mask .
whats her name ?
dr. unk_NN asked .
the chart says lena of lena unk_NNS , replied unk_NNS .
shaking his head in disgust , he listened to a unk_JJ monitor , sounded slower beats and become erratic .
immediately , he reacted to instinct .
she needs the volume now .
another two hang in rapid unk_NN , he said , his voice showing the strain as the youth of his patient weighed heavy in his mind .
seventy fifty and dropping unk_NN to the ox of pulse , eighty-two , dr. unk_NN informed his mentor and colleague .
i just lost her pulse , nurse unk_NNS cried out as a unk_JJ monitor , sounded the unmistakable tone of the flat line .
push the unk_NN amp .
charge of the paddles , fifty dr. unk_NN , retorted back .
the nurse unk_NNS wheeled quickly a defibrillator and programmed the setting to unk_VB while charging with external fifty unk_NNS paddles .
she quickly handed them dr. unk_NN , then injected the unk_CD amp at the patients iv .
dr. unk_NN was a prepared paddles for dr. unk_NN , the young patients scanned the belly of ultrasound .
a small metallic rotating angles of various wand showed images of the monitor , confirming their suspicions of hidden trauma .
conductive gel from dr. unk_NN placed one of the paddles on the upper right clavicle , and one just below applied and left the young patients left .
clear dr. unk_NN called out .
dr. unk_NN broke off in his examination , just as dr unk_NN depressed the buttons on the paddles , delivering the charge of heart as well as the other organs nearby .
the patients body convulsed at the current coursing through her .
her chest heaved and expanded , then fell and contracted back on the table .
three medical personnel focused on the unk_JJ monitor for signs of activity .
they held their breath in vain , continued the monitor to report a single monotone sound in the flat line .
still , dr. unk_JJ unk_NN cried out .
out of desperation as he spoke .
fifty again , dr. unk_NN called out once more .
he had replaced the paddles from the previous locations , and the second charge was delivered .
again , patient patient body convulsed .
the sinus unk_NN , dr. unk_NN cried out in relief .
dr. unk_NN roughly placed the paddles on the tray back .
he asked , dr. unk_NN now resumed his examination with a nervous sweat unk_VBG up his brow .
the belly of blood was full .
looks like some hemorrhaging major where a bullet hit spleen , pancreas and kidney .
the eighth rib is broken too .
dr. unk_NN replied , now regaining his composure .
ok , eight blade , dr. unk_NN requested .
even in years of experience , the thought of slicing the poor little girl that lay in front of him had felt offensive .
dr. unk_NN strengthened his resolve and made his incision cutting through various layers of tissue as blood flowed freely through the opening .
immediately , the stench of blood , blood and a fecal matter wafted from their protective masks .
he finished the incision and called to the clamp .
the nurse unk_NNS placed the clamp in his hand .
the dr unk_NN was positioned in the clamp , holding open an incision as he tried to examine blood damage , draining .
dr. unk_NN unk_NN called out .
dr. unk_NN inserted the incision probe and began to suck out the excess blood .
be careful of a trauma watch .
the colon work of unk_NN .
clean out as much of that fecal matter as possible , dr. unk_NN cautioned dr. unk_NN worked .
got it , dr. replied unk_NN , sucking carefully up in blood and the debris in abdominal cavity .
in a better view , dr. unk_NN could now see damaged organs clearly more .
it was apparent that the pancreas were spleen and colon , as well as the left kidney , had some trauma form .
i need unk_CD unk_NN and unk_CD needle now .
does anyone know a bullet caliber ?
dr unk_NN asked , as nurse unk_NNS handed him a needle and unk_NN .
do n't look small at that all i know , dr. unk_NN replied , still unk_VBG from the colon .
looks like .22 informed dr. unk_NN .
a small entry wound , but a heavy internal shockwave trauma as it passed through at high velocity .
asked nurse unk_NNS .
while dr. unk_NN worked the repair of the damaged spleen of dr. unk_NN , answered the edward nurse question .
after the travels of bullet , it pushes the way air , creating an air turbulent field as a bullet .
just awful awful unk_NNS , replied unk_NNS sadly .
dr. unk_NN called out as he quickly worked .
unk_VB seventy-five , fifty eighty , ox , pulse , replied nurse unk_NNS , she is bleeding everywhere , dr. unk_NN complained .
he turned to dr. unk_NN and instructed him to repair the unk_NN colon .
looks like we have a small puncture on unk_NN colon .
did you repair it while i could attend spleen ?
i am about it .
the eight blade of unk_NN and unk_CD and unk_NN were standing by , dr. unk_NN rattled off in quick succession to nurse unk_NNS .
gotcha , dr. unk_NN replied , slightly embarrassed by his unk_NN .
as they both worked frantically to repair the damaged organs , the blood flow went nearly unabated .
nurse unk_NNS kept a careful eye trained on monitors , as well as doctors , anticipating their needs for their requests .
the unk_NN doctors were dropping again after forty-eight sixty-five .
the ox of the very pulse , seventy-seven low , announced the nurse .
dammit where she was bleeding .
dr. unk_NN asked rhetorically .
we have been working in areas now , replied dr. unk_NN , dr. unk_NN .
no no loss , this is much blood , has much a larger source of unk_NN , unk_NN , or aorta , dr. speculated unk_NN .
we were nowhere in those areas .
the bullet exited out her back to kidneys , replied dr. unk_NN .
i know , but this much loss of blood is n't adding up .
the bullet missed the unk_JJ and unk_JJ veins and arteries .
this is n't just dr. unk_NN organs replied .
the two doctors worked feverishly to repair the damaged and organs bleeding as patients vitals continued to fall .
the spleen and unk_NN colon repaired two pancreas moved and left a kidney .
more unk_NN unk_NN , dr. unk_NN unk_NN instructed , dr. .
he then glanced up and asked , nurse unk_NNS , how is our supply ?
she is taking blood faster than we give it , she retorted back instantly .
hang another unk_NN , two units , dr. anxiously requested .
dr. unk_NN can you see this .
dr. unk_NN asked .
you agree the bullet entered the abdomen , broke a rib , and continued spleen , pancreas , pancreas and kidney .
it appears that way , why ?
dr. unk_NN asked as he worked a kidney .
dammit , you know what that is .
that is another entry to the wound , dr. unk_NN replied .
eight blade and unk_JJ saw the unk_NN .
he said to the unk_NNS nurse .
two bullets .
but only one entry wound , dr. unk_NN replied in disbelief .
i know .
the two bullets entered at the same location , responded dr. unk_NN , as he accepted the scalpel of nurse unk_NNS and began to make a long incision breastbone with patients .
i knew something was n't right .
a .22 caliber does n't break a rib , then have enough energy remaining in a tear in all these organs .
had more than one bullet , and i was betting its also the cause of the massive loss of blood , he explained as he finished his incision .
what was the odds of happening ?
i mean two bullets to the same entry wound .
dr. unk_NN asked rhetorically , his head was now shaking further disbelief .
asked unk_JJ dr. unk_NN saw the next , then added , i have never guessed it if i have n't seen it in my own eyes .
quickly the unk_NNS handed the dr. nurse saw .
placing it on the base of the sternum , he began to cut the breastbone , the smell of bone and blood penetrating their masks and their nostrils .
moments later , he was done .
a rib unk_NN , dr. unk_NN requested .
anticipating his nurse nurse unk_NNS handed him the instrument immediately .
inserting it directly into the incision , he turned the lever and separated enough of the ribs into view in the cavity of the upper chest .
dr. probe was unk_NN requested by nurse unk_NNS .
he then called to dr. unk_NN to begin unk_VBG open areas .
as he did , dr. unk_NN examined the cleaned areas .
more unk_NN .
i need more unk_NN , dr. unk_NN asked in frustration .
oh man , we have a trauma of inferior unk_NN unk_NN .
i need unk_CD and unk_NN unk_NN .
feverishly working to repair the bleeding profuse , the needle contacted something hard .
at first , he thought it was a rib fragment , but realized the closer dr. unk_NN for inspection was it a second bullet .
there it is .
forceps , dr. unk_NN requested a almost frantic tone .
he inserted forceps into the cavity , pushing gently into the unk_NN of unk_NN unk_NN and gently extracted deformed and mangled bullet .
around the edges were the tiny edges of the razor .
they sliced into contact veins , he announced .
there would be a dozen fissures to repair .
as he unceremoniously tossed the clamped bullet and forceps into a stainless steel container , he continued to unk_VB tears in the damaged vein and organs surrounding .
moments later , dr. unk_NN watched the heart began to slow .
then just sounded like a unk_JJ monitor .
he quickly placed his gloved fingers over heart and began to squeeze , attempting to squeeze the manual unk_NNS of heart even before unk_NNS nurse speak .
announced the pea , she was a nurse unk_NNS doctor .
push another unk_NN amp and the internal paddles will charge dr. fifteen unk_NN demanded .
handing him the paddles , they watch as he inserted them into her chest cavity , and placed them still in heart .
there were none to be heard .
twenty charge .
another unk_NNS 6 now .
dr. unk_NN called frantically again .
he was shocked by the heart , sending a deep current within but no effect .
the unk_JJ monitor continued to report its menacing line in a flat tone .
dammit , unk_JJ , god .
dr. unk_NN shouted out loud .
as he continued with the manual unk_NNS , he called out charge once more than thirty .
inserting internal paddles again , he delivered a massive jolt to the patient heart .
with horror and sadness they watched the monitor register no change .
dr. unk_NN searched frantically for his mind for a solution as he continued with manual unk_NNS .
even in his years of education and training , the damage was too extensive for him to overcome .
he pulled his hands off her chest and stood back .
with his gloved hands , dripping fresh blood from the floor , he hung his head low .
call it , he mumbled quietly .
nurse unk_NNS called the time of death , he stood , motionless as he watched the lifeless body of the young girl .
his mind raced as he stared at the carnage in front of him .
he thought of smiles that she had displayed just a few hours before .
he thought of the hugs that mom had given her that morning , and the parents pain was feeling forever .
he thought of her violent death and it was all injustice .
saddened deeply , and sickened by a grievous sight , he could stand no more .
he turned and walked out the or doors were all oblivious to the state of shock and disbelief .
in his gown , soaked with blood and his gloves , dripping the red path toward him , he made his way down the corridor to the elevator .
with a blurred and confused he was unable to hear his name called as he walked .
standing in front of the elevator , he pushed the button .
instantly , the doors were sprung open .
he looked back into the hallway to nurse unk_NNS calling his name , but nothing could be heard .
as if in slow motion , he stepped in and slowly , doors closed behind him .
dr. unk_NN !
dr. unk_NN , stop !
nurse unk_NNS called as she ran down the corridor to the elevator .
too late .
she watched the doors closed behind him .
as she stared at the bloody footprints that seemed to vanish from the elevator doors , she caught a slight movement of her peripheral vision .
looking up , she watched the sadness as a droplet of blood pooled then slide down the elevator button .
reaching into her pocket , she pulled out a tissue and wiped reverently off the sad remains of the young victim , unk_VBG her memory , forever in the pain of a senseless tragedy .
from dr. daze , unk_NN stood in the elevator in the middle and stared at the old photo hanging on the back wall .
as the metal doors closed behind him , he felt a small shudder , then a slight drop as he momentarily became weightless as the elevator began to descend .
ignoring the fact that he was not pressed on the floor to descend to , he felt any place but or a good place .
he just wanted to forget .
the elevator descended slowly .
as struggled to free his mind of the tragedy , his eyes began to focus on the picture in front of him .
slowly at first then , more detailed as he descended , the photo came into focus .
he was no longer staring at the photo , but it was directly .
somehow it helped to soothe the pain that gnawed away from his soul .
the reflection of reflection was antique in the past , a unique display of history showed how unk_JJR hospital came to pass .
a group of photo , the doctors of the civil war , standing on a recent unk_NN patient .
standing patient , dressed in uniform in their bloody unk_NNS , still fastened them several military doctors proudly in the photo stood .
and determined , their faces were devoid of all the expression hardened one pride .
on the left side of the photo sat the old man on a rickety stool .
with his white flowing beard and hair , he looked much older than his more unk_JJ colleagues .
he too wore a bloody smock and his face was also carried with an expression of pride .
yet something else shone the wisdom of the old mans eyes .
while the others looked at the camera , he looked at it as if oblivious of thought and oblivious to its presence .
he appeared somewhat accidental about the purpose of the photos .
the bottom of the photo read the inscription at the original hospital site in unk_CD unk_NN .
the doctors gazed at the photo .
he looked at the bulbous bandage and barbaric the leg of poor soldiers .
feeling contempt for his body .
then , fit in rage he punched in a picture of the wall , the glass shattering and dropping on the elevator floor , cracking a cheap plastic frame .
the sound of shattering plastic of the glass and cracking snapped him back to reality .
he bent over and picked up an old photo , leaving the broken shards of glass still on the floor of the elevator .
he began to replace the picture with a bent hook when he felt his knees begin to buckle slightly , the elevator began to stop slow .
a moment later the sound of the bell heard the elevator settled on its floor .
suddenly , he saw his gloved hands , holding the drying blood , holding a picture framed , held out in front of him .
he looked down at his gown and realized he was covered with blood , in fact that his moments of attention had escaped before .
the mechanized sound of the heavy metal doors signaled to their opening , he felt a brush of a balmy breeze of light on his neck .
the air suddenly felt dense as if the relative humidity had increased dramatically .
a strange yet familiar odor drifted from him and penetrated his nostrils .
turning around to investigate , he stiffened and froze in place .
his eyes took sight of him , struggled through his mind to make a sense of scene through the elevator doors .
his heart began to pump wildly and his whole body shook .
he felt he was dreaming , but before never had a dream felt so real .
hey you !
come here .
i need you to hold his leg , heard just above the elevator door .
the first squinted then rubbed his eyes and refocused the vision before him .
there several yards away , he watched the man dressed in a blue military uniform , who stood like another man laying on a wooden gurney .
standing , the man looked familiar to him and he searched his mind to make the connection .
hey , come here .
i need your help now .
im almost finished , the voice again called the door to the elevator .
bearl looked around at the elevator , then over the control panel .
the bottom of the panel labeled a circular button highlighted g .
he thought it strange that he ended up on the ground floor as he not pushed any of the buttons on the panel .
he turned back to the scene unfolding in front of him .
the light of the breeze was blowing still , balmy , his face and a strange odor , now the foul and offensive still penetrated his nostrils .
suddenly , it dawned on him .
the man before him was the same man standing in the picture .
bearl looked at the picture in his hands , then at the back of the elevator .
he was a doctor indeed , a unk_JJ man with a white flowing beard and hair .
this is one strange dream , said out loud .
he felt confused by the vision .
whoa , im seeing the color of this dream .
how is this possible ?
he asked no one in particular .
are you just going to stand there , or are you going to help me ?
the old doctor called out to david in frustration .
the thought about answering him , but it thought silly .
its just a dream , he thought to himself .
then , reconsidering he rationalized himself what harm .
the old man called what you want me to do .
that cloth was a tear in strips , old doctor responded immediately , pointing at the mound of cloth on the grass foot grass .
hesitated at first .
something in his gut was telling him not to go .
he felt paralyzed in indecision , but then , throwing caution to the wind , he stepped forward .
as he passed the doorway to the elevator and stepped out into the grass , a slow time seemed to slow .
he heard voices and sounds as if they played him in half speed .
david turned and took a step to the grass .
the time seemed to resume its normal speed .
he suddenly heard the deafening sounds of thunder and recognized the foul stench of rotting flesh .
what the hell ?
out loud , said the wave of fear and confusion spread over his body .
son , i really need your help here , heard as an old voice shouted after him .
turned and looked at the old doctor , then back to the spot of the grass used by the elevator .
suddenly , a loud clap of thunder sounded just like birch trees , shaking the ground at his feet .
he heard the screams of agony and realized hearing hed sounds were not thunder after all , but in fact , artillery explosions .
instinctively , the old doctor ran , frantically searching for cover as he closed the distance .
the old doctor , seeing an intense fear in davids eyes , quickly recognized the developing problem .
he pulled away his patient , flight and quickly moved to intercept .
whoa , son .
youre no danger , old doctor called david as he ran to him and grabbed his arms , reassuring him for his safety .
those bombs ?
theyre trying to kill us , replied almost hysterical .
the doctor looked casually at david at the raging war , then at the back of his eyes and " replied well , " i suppose they are , but we unk_VBP in range of their artillery . "
a confused expression crossed his face as he spoke .
" that 's quite an unusual uniform that you have on .
what outfit are you ? "
" an outfit . "
there replied still in a deep state of shock .
" lad , outfit .
what outfit are you ?
who is your commanding officer ? "
old doc questioned a bit of suspicion , then added , " do n't tell me you are gray . "
about to speak when shell another hit the bank of just birch trees , startling he both he and old doctor .
with a quick look at david shoulder then patient his back on the wooden wagon , the doctor refocused his duty .
" this way lad .
we have work to do , " said the old doctor , as he extended his hand in the direction of the patient , an invitation for david to follow him .
quickly , they walked back to the wagon , the doctor leading out of the way .
lord knows he 'll be suffering enough when he wakes without us fidgeting with his bandage , so quick to your work . "
unk_VBZ pulled off his rubber gloves and tucked them into his pocket .
as he looked around , he could hear cries of agony in the sounds of war , the smell of death , and suddenly he realized this was no dream .
this is real .
he was now existing in another era by time during the civil unk_NNS war .
as he tore off each strip of cloth , he handed it an old doctor that it used to secure unk_NN bandages in place .
as he worked , the old doctor began to interrogate his new assistant .
" i see you unk_VBP in surgery already .
i ca n't recall another medical unit here .
where did you come from ? "
the old doctor asked casually as he worked .
his mind searched for an answer to a suitable for old man .
he knew he did n't say he was a future .
quickly , he devised a cover story until he could make sense of his dilemma .
" i have medical training and the thought i use , hoping to suffice his answer .
uh and huh , where did you come from ?
allow me to be more direct .
are you gray or blue ?
the old doctor asked without breaking his concentration .
neither was i a doctor .
i am just an individual trained individual who wants to lend a hand to these poor boys , who replied .
young man , you are a deserter .
the old doctor asked bluntly .
no , sir .
i not responded to military david .
he knew to keep questions coming , and he needed to find a better reason in his presence .
he then had an idea .
in truth doctor , i need a job .
id like to join the military to in order to practice medicine .
i am a very skilled practitioner and feel i am real use here , finished , hoping he had n't overplayed his abilities .
hmm , skilled practitioner , you say ?
where are you trained ?
are you a doctor ?
the old doctor said , continuing his interrogation .
yes , i am a doctor .
i am trained in new england at harvard university .
you heard it .
asked unsure if his league alma 's league mater , do n't raise even more suspicion .
harvard , you say ?
we have unk_VBN here for sure .
my assistants mean well , but the boys are bumbling in the country , if you understand my inference , said the old doctor as he winked at david .
completely , the doctor replied back with a smile of understanding .
well , doctor , you have a name .
the old doctor asked , now david was bit warming .
yes , sir .
my name is dr. unk_NN .
do i ask what your name is ?
kind responded .
my name is morgan unk_RB , dr. replied , his modesty eliminating fancy titles by his name .
he tied the last bandage and lifted his head .
with piercing eyes , he stared directly at davids .
slowly , he extended his hand in greeting .
im pleased to make your acquaintance with david .
now , if you indulge me for a while , id like to see your abilities .
i have a young man waiting for unk_NN id like you to attend to .
if you prove your skill , i will consult the unk_NN of employment unk_NN .
this accord is satisfactory .
dr. asked blunt sincerity .
where is the patient ?
david replied , trying to contain his confidence .
dr. signaled a private to bring up the next patient .
his crude operating environment was viewed in shock .
he had n't thought of it at that moment , but he was trained to operate in a highly technical environment .
this is as primitive as he can imagine .
he was n't sure he could do it .
dr. sensed davids apprehension and said , son , you are sure you are up to this .
it is a bit more primitive than i am used to , but i manage , replied .
son , i do n't want you to manage .
i want you to perform the trained operator .
these young men deserve more butcher or charlatan .
if you either , please speak the truth , dr. stated with boldly and conviction .
doctor , i can assure you my skills , more surgeon , adequate .
as the assistants laid the next wooden wagon , see the agony of the young soldier and immediately began his assessment .
the basic equipment to understand the signs of vital patients can only make limited observations .
he quickly took the pulse of patients , and it was determined to be normal weaker .
next , he checked the pupil dilation and reaction to the match .
satisfied , he then examined the patient mouth with the tongue and the skin of dehydration and color .
he observed that his skin color was clammy and felt pale .
in addition , the young man seemed somewhat withdrawn and lethargic .
trying not to move the leg much much too , he moved only slightly it , cutting away the pant leg .
he observed that the large caliber bullet had indeed passed the calf , but the gaping wound was indeed left upon .
determined to be saved from a careful cleaning and repair , a leg , although the antibiotics were problematic to the post treatment .
immediately , the young man was a undamaged leg bent knee , leaving a traumatized leg , laying flat .
he then moved in front of the wagon , grabbed a blanket and draped it to be patient .
" dr. unk_NN , what 's your assessment ? "
questioned dr. of concern .
" patient , suffering from mild unk_JJ shock .
i was making some effort to stabilize him from invasive surgery .
a large bore bullet has indeed left a great deal of calf trauma , but i believe i can save the leg . "
his school courses were recalled by the unk_NN of the choice unk_NN of this period .
he continued , " we have ready unk_NN . "
ryan asked .
" doctor , i protest .
his leg was too badly damaged .
we can remove it before unk_PRP develops , " said dr. morgan .
" i examined the wound and feel it 's relatively clean , thanks to his pant leg , protecting the trauma .
proper cleaning i could repair the muscle in the veins and arteries , but the need of strong cleansing solution and freshly boiled water .
i believe he will have some degree of infection , but the unk_NN chance is much lower , replied you think ? "
" repair the veins and arteries .
is this possible ? "
dr. asked incredulously , then added with a great concern and what if spreads spreads over infection and unk_NN . "
" we can amputate , but then he is no worse off than if we are now amputated .
at least we will give him a chance to save the leg , reasoned . "
" hmm .
do you really think you can do this ?
save his leg . "
dr. asked now intrigued by david plan .
" i 'll only assure you that he wo n't die in my care though saving his leg in these conditions is n't going to be responded . "
dr. unk_VBN was his long white beard as he contemplated the procedure .
he looked over to be a patient , then back david , deep in worry as he struggled to trust this mysterious doctor that had just minutes appeared before .
see the forehead of the old man as a furrow he thought .
a moment later , david saw a worried expression leave the face of the old man .
he now began a bit smile as he came to grips with his decision .
" ok son .
tell me exactly what you need , " replied dr. finally .
" replied two pots of boiling water or grain alcohol , soap and clean unk_NNS . "
" it 's going to take some time to collect these things .
every operation of this ? "
dr. asked .
" time , keeping boiling in the water , only responded consuming consideration . "
the fire was already smoldering early morning usage , so dr. tossed more wood into the coals .
twenty minutes later , two water pots , boiled wildly as dr. sorted , the instruments required to perform the surgery .
his selection was resigned , placed in instruments on the boiling water of unk_NN .
satisfied with his cleansing , he slowly washed the soap .
dr. looked unk_VBN over the display , this strange doctor .
the medicine was a man of thirty-five more years , he regarded the prep work from the shenanigans reserved for the roadside unk_NNS the means to disguise their lack of content .
unk_MD looked over and could see contempt for dr. unk_NNS eyes .
he knew the old doctor was losing his patience , and with lost that , he was too losing what little credibility he had .
quickly set up a young soldier .
the help of the old doctor was unk_VBN as patient as a matter of minutes .
the patient looked out at dr. closely .
put his unk_JJ gloves , and then a generous amount of moonshine that he had obtained the old doctor from the area of the wound , with an effort to sterilize it .
ok , doctor , as you can see , the patients leg is torn up pretty badly .
started , im going to make an incision back on the calf to inspect and then repair any damage i can find .
as if on cue , dr. moved to look closer .
david , then brought out a pair of unk_NNS used to open hold of an incision .
he delicately placed the instrument on the incision and expanded it , giving him a good view of the wound .
next he rinsed out the incision , the salted water solution he had prepared for surgery .
dabbing at excess blood , he was able to see the damaged tissue of muscle and in a torn vein .
using his scalpel , he was cut away from the torn and mangled muscle tissue .
again , he rinsed out the interior of moonshine wound and his makeshift unk_CD solution .
the smallest needle in the doctors old bag of instruments began to sew reconstructed muscles as well , arteries , using the very few sutures to accomplish his task .
now , sutures will remain there forever , but the body will adapt to them .
i believe this will take care of this side of the wound , replied softly , completely engrossed in his work .
he closed the entry wound and move more extensive damage on the other side of the calf .
dr. looked in total fascination .
before never had he seen or even heard the surgery , so delicate and so complicated performed such ease and skill .
eagerly , he waited for david to attempt a more difficult operation area .
after watching the first phase of the operation , had indeed proven himself to be a quite gifted surgeon .
dr. now watched any spectator , the professional watch in his element .
he was in awe and excited to observe even greater feats of medicine .
once again , david did his best rinse and clean the wound would rinse the salted solution of water , and then sterilize it in distilled alcohol .
pulling a scalpel into hot water , he began to work the damaged muscle tissue in the exit wound .
more damage was much extensive , but manageable .
as he removed the tissue , he was temporarily close to the wound to ensure the proper shape of reconstruction .
working quickly , he then began to unk_VB arteries and muscle as he had done the previous side , using very few stitches to accomplish the task .
he then closed the wound as he had done the other side .
when completed , he rinsed again and sterilized in the entire alcohol area .
over the operation , he began a bandage on the wound .
a few minutes later as gaining patient in consciousness , the last bandage were tied .
the operation was now over and felt confident that he had done his best to unk_VB infection .
by the time the days were evident the results of his work .
all he could do was now , wait .
reading purchase , please purchase at smashwords.com : http : unk_CD russell assassin smashwords night .
2011 copyright russell blake .
all rights reserved .
information , contact books , russellblake.com .
how often do you hear that review say ?
thats what im saying .
the other reviews describing it perfection near and incredibly written well , is n't lying ?
russell blake was the par of the biggest names of business .
and i mean unk_NN unk_UH , unk_UH , unk_RB brown .
the plot was intricate and completely unexpected in every turn .
the hateful , al ross character , an extremely well-written , believable complexity and nuance , plunged the global nightmare conspiracy nightmare , ill-equipped to survive .
dont want to spoil the end but its a unk_NN .
overall , the best read ever . "
" unk_LS will build the artistry of this work , brush strokes , layers , you brings to wonder if something is this true .
thats the work of a true artist .
many of fiction have have the main character so scrubbed up that he no longer resembles a human male .
no problems with this one .
this is almost how budding writers unk_NN .
how to write one word or one edited out .
the tight narrative of the great story is a scary scenario .
i almost never give five stars , but this has earned it . "
fast k. unk_JJ russell blake , " becoming my favorite new author .
i did n't want to spoil the ending , but it completely blew me away , and how in suspense the last few pages of surprise was great spoil .
the highest recommendation , a highly original and entertaining novel . "
i was pleasantly surprised to find myself going along in the easy style and broad narrative strokes .
the very plot had contrived skillfully , but with the real art i found , i found myself unable to resist the main unk_NN al character .
i also love the burros after following the steady transition of als as he encounters the hurdle hurdle .
i laughed aloud at some scenes ( i did n't spoil it ) when al is , lets say compromised .
i loved the ending , but also wished the story was n't so im taking trouble taking trouble to recommend it . "
" zero sum trilogy , write " " blakes the latest absolutely amazing .
i literally could not put down my kindle until i finished all three books in the trilogy .
russell blake has a very unique talent , at painting a beautiful story of words , and a zero sum trilogy practically reads like poetry .
5 stars are n't enough to rate this wonderful trilogy , the stars are 10 more accurate . "
russell amber " russell was blakes zero sum trilogy , truly amazing .
i initially downloaded the book 1 because it was free , and before i was done i purchased a book 2 & 3 , a bundle .
unk_NN is a character for unk_NNS , you grow to despise .
across the street , the wall unk_NN , associated with crime organized and government agencies using the stock market to make huge amounts of money a detriment to others .
when he was discovered , to owner life on the website , forever changed as he was now a target to be destroyed .
this trilogy will take you on , the extremely fast ride paced and unexpected like a roller coaster in a good and evil fight .
the sum was zero , unk_JJ thriller in the complex , you were not able to put down .
i would highly recommend this book , it 's writing its best .
i look forward to reading more russell blake . "
i have been recuperating for medical procedure so i can read all three books on the weekend .
i even kept one map of locations , open the computer , and that made all the story more vivid .
the hero was smart , made good use of his resources , yet still kept a bit of unk_NN that had some almost disastrous results .
there was a bit of irony in the end , but it worked .
i could n't tell you how much i enjoyed this presumably debut offering russell blake .
its read awesome .
i did n't put it down and stayed all the night to finish it , no exaggeration .
six stars if they had a high review . "
j katherina .
" this is the book , took me completely in surprise .
i thought id give it a shot description of the amazon and the 5 star became and it quickly became a page turner i did n't put down .
the plot was complex , sort of unk_NN or unk_NN , and gripping the characters .
its a real novel .
cant wait to see what blake was next . "
" m. anthony exchange of " " gritty the edge of your seat , " the thriller for the first time russell blake .
the author was cleverly combines , paced well , well , csi crime , " no barred " holds " international plausible conspiracy .
" k. class in this book is steven itself .
the main plot of the book was exciting and scary ( and maybe a little graphic ) .
pacing was fast at the visceral of descriptions and the twists were unexpected . "
stacy k. k. " king " " russell blake 's swords , no stranger to the thriller genre .
from his previous thrillers , the headlines inside-out turned to the unk_JJ gritty plots of unk_JJ .
i know this sounds overly dramatic , but unk_JJ , this book kept me glued on the screen with kindle .
the king has taken the reader swords on the journey of drug unk_VBN mexico where violence often trumps hard cash for the dominant cultural currency .
unk_RB , steven steven author of jakarta , and a pandemic , flagged king , " read the great anyone who enjoys those thrillers with unk_NN and unk_NN .
the first unk_NNS and the best of the book , the jackal day is one of my favorites .
ive read it at least five times over the last thirty years and it always gets my pulse , quickening .
the king will effect the same swords and reads much faster than the surprises you keep guessing the right end .
you want to just turn the pages as fast as you push your kindle the forward button .
i have a king of swords feeling , one of the books i have come back again and again .
its good at that .
i would like the authors of other books , having read most or all of them , and their is all good , but this one is a different league .
this is no heavyweight , excuses , you put up any of the big names and theyd be in trouble .
russell blake was an example of indie author , surpassing many of the best of name writers , and the unk_NNS put him right in the same ranks for them . "
" ive read a few of blakes novels and found them diverse in voice and unk_WRB a message .
my favorite breach , geronimo , but this latest has a kind of will of its own .
the reader could n't help but respect for the bad mc guy .
if i read right to unk_JJ , then i realized who the real bad guys , im not spoiling the plot , so youll have to decide yourself to score that .
the russells website will visit more details of the lives of russell blake blake , a full time on the pacific pacific coast .
russell enjoys the fishing writing , playing with his dogs collecting and sampling the tequila , and waging the ongoing battle of world domination for clowns .
but even as i put the king of swords on the bed , i do n't shake sense of unfinished business .
id go to sleep and have vivid dreams , and they were always the same with the characters in my book .
specifically , they were the assassins past .
it was a disease .
i could n't stop thinking of him .
thats unfamiliar to me , the most part .
i felt closure at the end of that work .
id told the story of als as well as i could , and there was n't more than i felt i could add .
there were no more words that needed writing .
but i was no king , sooner finished , swords than i started making prequel notes .
which was really the wrong way to go with it .
im a simple man .
when the story was starting , i was always once part in time at the beginning and at the end of the well end .
but thats not how it panned out with me this time .
i felt driven by the assassin would write some more , and to delve into his background .
what created a man who would terminate dispassionately for the peoples living lives .
what drove him to do with the unthinkable .
he was a monster in the traditional sense .
did he kick the dogs or swerve hit them on the road ?
he had put his socks before or his underwear .
it was fascinating for me because el rey was alive with my head .
you see , i knew the answers to questions i was asking , once in my life .
and so came to pass that i have an opportunity to share you with what i gleaned from him .
the night assassin work , somewhat shorter , written on the flesh making beast and read the best of a companion 's piece of swords king .
it certainly read first , but i suspect it 's more satisfying , and if the king reader unk_VBZ first unk_VBZ the second night , then unk_NNS .
thats how i envisioned it , but youre free to do as you like .
even if a stand-alone or first read , the night could entertain and satisfy .
id just recommend it as king .
the other nights thrill purpose is to explain the illumination from one of my most fascinating characters yet .
the el reys highlights of past or at least it was alive on the page .
enjoy this humble , offering my compliments .
the battle-hardened men chartered for those safety in the yacht were dead serious , unk_VBG the constant state of readiness for any approach threats .
the drug cartel skirmishes for the past two years had escalated to some guards in the blistering , rival groups , and had seen more than their share of blood .
these were the men of whom killing routine and they drew their understanding pay that any day was their last .
the radio crackled as the group members checked in on one another , each calm confirming all .
the routine was to monitor everyones status at fifteen minute intervals during the night .
the girls regular company , owner of unk_NNS boat , unk_NN , number one unk_NN warlord , and the head of the unk_NN cartel .
the contessa in the weekend getaway destination was more than a quick hop at home , whereas the others were good for several weeks aboard .
unk_NN had burned into roughly twelve million dollars a year keeping his boats in the water before even starting the engines .
they were ready for him at any hour , staffed the full-time crews , consisting of captains of deckhands captains , maids , bartenders and unk_NNS .
the security had travelled for him as an extra cost .
then again , unk_NN was n't unk_JJ and had n't told anyone about precisely what he spent his lifestyle .
they blew the smoke and chatted with clothes and their favorite television programs , taking a break in the fiesta winding down inside .
the unk_NNS was high in the unk_NNS and the gulf cartel , as well as the sinaloa cartel , and the outbreaks of violence escalated into the toll of death , reached hundreds for each month .
most of the disagreements resolved through bloody skirmishes had this one to do with power and money .
the sinaloa cartel felt making unk_NNP too much , making its relatively insignificant place on a chain of food and trying to unk_VB unk_NNS in order to increase its net .
which was just unk_JJ business of unk_NNS , the one with the oldest of the oldest bosses bosses .
he had enjoyed his privacy immensely , even though his line of work , it was a commodity of gold .
the cartel head , he constantly surrounded security personnel , so the part of the appeal of his boats was the ability to enjoy at least an illusion of seclusion .
the youngest of veronica leapt at her feet from the lighter and rushed to attend their host .
oh unk_UH !
she exclaimed with a giggle , faux indignation and unk_NN dripping from every syllable .
eh , so how are you doing girls ?
are you ready to make a party for your unk_NN ?
come on !
you know how i like it , rasped his distinctive unk_NN accent .
the girls had extinguished their cigarettes and exchanged glances .
show it a time .
veronica had moved to her two new friends and they began kissing , then caressing each other .
stood by watching impassively , moved the tepid tepid and clothes began shedding along any remaining inhibitions .
unk_NN opened a small unk_JJ gold box , and quickly tapped out two small piles of white powder on the exterior exterior bar of him .
he snorted at the heaping lines of cocaine , laced with gusto unk_NN as he leered at the mnage of unk_NN .
it was a good life , he was a lucky man .
this was far fantastic so far , and whoever said began fifty life that was n't lying .
yes , indeed , great birthday .
he studied the face of his masterpiece of platinum rolex and noted the little time after midnight .
another day was older and death was closer .
ah , well .
what one to do ?
hed try to enjoy himself nonetheless .
youre shameless !
move inside and let games begin .
and save some love with unk_NN .
the security team had avoided studiously , looking up at the transom on the huge ship , preferring to scan the periphery for signs of intruders .
unk_NNS had been in love with high life known well and now men had seen everything .
it was all fun until he was n't perform or turned nasty things for too many drugs , and the girls ended up , begging forgiveness .
theyd had to bury their fair , young strippers failed to judge his moods correctly .
he was infamous for mercurial .
like a pelican rustled its feathers on the waters edge before taking a flight , swooping into the low water as it searched out more tranquil surroundings .
the two of the sentries swung around in the sound , ready to engage whatever the enemy presented itself .
they exhaled in relief when they saw a huge bird lumber in the night air .
everyones nerves were raw prior to the duty of the weeks , moving in danger zone in the danger zone while unk_NNS partied care .
they were in friendly territory , but that was little territory when he was exposed to this .
the men were working shifts to shift the guards each eight , four hours on , eight off so they could steal some rest and stay alert .
after four hours patrolling the unk_NN , unk_NN fell off markedly and the human error became more likely .
the cartel game is one where you only got to make one mistake at your last .
that gig .
the sound of a boat party was a headache for them , although no one would dare to mention it , unk_NN .
but he was painted as well as big super unk_NN yachts bow any hostiles in the area .
the security head clenched to the alberto , his jaw , the women laughed , each squeal in ecstasy , the invitation to unk_VB his mind .
old pervert restrict around banging his unk_NN teenagers on the goddamned goddamned not out open .
why would he need to make such a public display of it ?
is it recklessly endangering them all ?
the cat scurried from a large rat , a unk_JJ concrete path through shops at the far end of the marina , setting unk_NNS nerves further on the edge .
he did n't want to think how to unk_VB his men in almost ten constant vigilance days .
the money was obviously bought from selective vision where he was concerned , but it could only go so far .
six star hotels were exclusive marina gunfire that would raise the wrong eyebrows and the last thing needed to alberto , an all-out battle with a military gun , dead in the night .
it was impossible to sneak up on the water yacht , still in the night that the boat was immediately detected , even if it rowed .
but he wanted to ensure covered in all avenues of attack , so even watched in waterside .
theyd covered the approaches all possible , yet he was still worried .
maybe it was a place or maybe because it was the last night , binge unk_NNS latest .
but the alberto had an ugly feeling of his guts , and it was n't something hed eaten .
his primeval senses tingled as if there was something out there coming to them .
and whatever it was , it meant them harm .
he called his men to their radio check-in , everyone responded immediately , sounding alert and precise .
they were the best .
a seasoned professional killers in half a half countries were making thirty-five grand in a month each to lay their lives in the line .
he did n't like the odds with anyone foolish enough to take them on dead at night .
but his gut still told him they had a problem .
the assassin checked the luminescent face of his stopwatch , noting satisfaction he could schedule .
he listened to the party sound at the marina that was still some distance away .
the faint gusts of music muttered a vague cadence in the water .
the target was making it almost too easy for him .
perhaps it was just providence calling unk_NN time .
this was his specialty , impossible to unk_VB the execution of unk_NNS was his unk_NN .
it made him infamous for a relatively short time .
but this was the most difficult unk_NN yet , due to the heightened vigilance of the security team he knew had unk_VBN the final night of their rough duty , which concluded the vulnerable location .
hed thought all the possible ways of unk_VBG unk_NNS , and when hed decided with his final plan , even he was impressed with it 's ingenuity .
now he just needed his contractors for time and to do their job and the unk_NN was better than dead .
he slipped into the surface of the water and submerged in a depth of fifteen feet .
that is sufficient for his purposes .
a small waterproof gps unit hed programmed coordinates to the dock radiated the orange glow readable from three feet away .
by his calculations , he would need ten minutes to swim his starting position as a plan , though hed allowed himself fifteen , just in case .
better be safe sorry for this night .
his tank held more of a sufficient air to breathe an hour he hoped was far necessary .
it was difficult arranging all the pieces hed need to end to the brutal cartel boss was too expensive but the cost was sometimes the key .
hed learned that harsh experience had not to pinch pennies or cheap out .
at the end of the night , hed far richer , so the end paid whatever his costs sunk themselves .
he was nothing if not pragmatic the job .
with his easy practiced stroke , him propelled smoothly to warm water as he neared the private marina .
he sensed he was close when he felt the current heralding the mouth of the harbor , as the surging tide pulled him into a broad opening .
visibility in darkness was zero in the inky so he was entirely flying with his instruments , told him that he had another hundred and fifty yards to go .
berthed the contessa on the dock closest to the harbors entrance , commanding the entire length , so there was no cover or alternative to doing the dive .
this is the only way to get close .
the commotion at the sea bed startled him into a cloud of muddy sediment .
unk_NN rose a large , muck and glided over him , nudging his unk_JJ legs with one of its wings .
more than the creature sensing than seeing it , he momentarily caught the guard .
his respiration increased as he flailed the alarm , causing a rush of bubbles hurtle to the surface .
another glance at his watch was confirmed that he still had five minutes to go .
by his reckoning , he was sixty or so yards in front of the boat and ninety to his position being targeted .
carefully calculating the distance , he moved to the spot that his unk_NNS had told him , the correct one for his purposes .
as the mesh sack attached to his dive belt , he fished out a cup of unk_NN with the handle at one end , he affixed a hull .
the assassin could feel the vibration of big generators who provided all the power when the rest of the massive unk_NN twin unk_NN .
as expected , all the systems were operating on a full luxurious yacht bore .
the unk_JJ steel was shredded its way , the hard fibrous material , almost five inches thick .
bit six .
two minutes later , he was through .
he jammed it up into the new opening and twisted the valve , wishing he could hear a satisfying hiss that terminate the target .
that was part of where the two plan came in .
the assassin depressed the button on the cup of unk_NN and dropped it away from the hull .
he swam on the far side of the ship facing the bay and cautiously poked his head into the water right next to the section where the engine vents drew in the air .
another glance at his watch was confirmed that he had a hundred and forty forty seconds before it was time for the show .
he groped a sack and , after unk_VBG , had been drilled into another hole , this time where the central units conditioning in the air .
he repeated the procedure on a second gas canister and returned to the surface again , hurriedly extending a telescopic tube akin to the car radio antenna .
the assassin fitted a third larger canister , the end of the extension , and now a position and prepared , waited for fireworks to begin .
the alberto was the first to hear the big choppers rotors .
by the time he radioed to his men , the sound of the aircraft increased a chattering roar .
shooting the alberto screamed to radio his men to hold their fire nobody in the helicopter .
the piercing light moved slowly along the concrete path , locking the armed men and freezing each of the place before it moved next .
unk_MD swore to alberto himself .
that was a way too close .
it was one of the navy unk_NNS , no doubt that was sent over to check the reports of armed men along the waterfront .
the army and the navy chiefs in the area were paid off so there was n't any problem .
it likely took a couple of radio exchanges before they called off the dogs .
they were the equivalent of the american green berets the toughest toughest and they generally meant for business .
the alberto know that he was employed by three ex-marines , genuine with hard hard cases even in the world where the blood casually spilled on a daily basis .
the unexpected unk_NN of the patrols commenced again .
everything returned to the fragile calm .
the night still and the contessa rocked gently in the swell of the incoming tide , the music within , still booming into its siren song deep .
the assassin made his way into the cabin to the main stateroom , his silenced pistol ready .
hed brought it into the waterproof bag in , he kept anything that did n't get immersed in dive .
he did n't think hed need to use it , but better than prepared .
hed pulled his flippers off and set them on the rear deck where he could grab them in a hurry .
in the worst case , he could always swim with them , although it was much of a rougher going .
that was n't his most pressing problem , though .
he needed to unk_VB his success , and the proof would get back to his clients so he could collect the second half for his fee and build his reputation in the process .
he pushed the stateroom into the stateroom , master open , and unk_NN unk_NN encountered straight .
unk_UH lay naked in the center of the bed , surrounded by his three young unk_NNS , also naked .
all were dead .
the nerve gas hed bought the russians had done its work circulating about three zoned zoned at the air .
hed guaranteed to kill gas for ten inhalation of inhalation , but he needed for sure .
thats what made him who he was .
he was a man who made sure .
in the sight of female corpses , the bloody foam caked in their mouths and noses , unk_JJ already had no effect on him .
this was his job in his chosen profession .
unk_NN 's damage was unk_JJ , but part of the deal .
the girls were likely dead for a few years anyway , in either hands of these unk_NN were their rivals .
it was a life of money fast , did n't come to a retirement plan .
breathing on his unk_NN , assassin studied the dead cartel boss , then fired a single shot from his forehead , more than anything effect .
he inspected his handiwork dispassionately , before reaching a watertight gun bag on the cell phone and a laminated rectangle .
approaching the man , he positioned the card almost tenderly at his exposed throat , before snapping the phone photo .
the card seemed to watch the proceedings with interest , his medieval regal gaze unblinking on the unk_NN , a double-edged blade , his sword clutched , pointing forever toward the heavens .
satisfied with his handiwork , the assassin dropped the phone back into the sack and sealed it before placing it in a web bag hanging on his dive belt .
the noise above him jolted .
he heard movement up , footsteps on the heavy bridge carried down to the unk_NN stateroom , which was the signal of either problem or shift change .
one part of the plan he was n't able to nail was a detailed agenda in the security team .
just nobody that he could find that paid off was so hed had to wing it .
he hoped that was n't a fatal flaw tonight .
the alberto called his men from the dock area and briefed the new arrivals .
they were unk_CD shift , which was the point theyd relieved of a new eight eight set .
the cry of the bridge was interrupted by his reconnaissance and he looked up at where waving one of the new arrivals .
what an idiot .
why did n't he use the radio ?
thats what they were for .
the alberto alberto turned up to his unk_NN and called the man .
what is it ?
unk_JJ or any of the girls swimming earlier today or this evening .
ive been gone for eight hours .
i do n't think so .
asked the alberto , honestly puzzled by the question .
the pair of without warning the radio went dead .
the hair in unk_NNS arms stood up as he peered through the goggles up on the bridge .
he did n't see either men stationed there in the sentries .
come in !
come in !
can you read me ?
the radio alberto hissed , his hopes sinking even as he called .
one of the two guards sailed from the side of the bridge , the body , landing a formless stories , four mass below , landing on the concrete surface of the dock at unk_NNS feet .
with a alberto , the body stared in disbelief at the stain of thick dark blood , quickly pooling around the corpse .
moments later a second corpse , which hurtled into the security men who all rushed to the yacht , now mode of full-scale attack .
the night abruptly exploded into an inferno , temporarily blinding to the alberto .
inside the boat , an incendiary grenade whump illuminated the interior with a white-hot flash the ensuing blaze that erupted in the side windows , shattered into a scorching blast .
the assassin allowed himself to sink into the bottom , twenty-five feet above the surface .
hed give it a few minutes and let the gunmen exhaust their wrath before he still had sufficient air .
it was a long slog through the bay with swim fins hed been forced to leave the aft deck .
that was unk_JJ .
he checked his watch and peered through the gloom at his unk_NN gauge that he illuminated using the dim glow from the gps .
it was a unk_JJ escape route , given that it was the farthest point of the ship .
at the odds were there any serious hunt for him , he knew .
theyd far more interested in clearing before they had to explain their heavily armed presence into the military .
in town , unk_NNP , he was a unk_NN in forty minutes or yet , better than one of the big hotels in town just north .
when he got to shore , he could e-mail the unk_NN photo to his distinctive calling card in a glorious display , using his phones cell cell capability .
a client was suitably impressed that given yet another another execution of his notorious string of accomplishments had gone off without a hitch .
gas touch the novel , and hed delighted with results .
at that stage it was pretty obvious that something was killed in the atmosphere of passengers , so the discovery would have a zero effect of anything .
the vendor had done well by choice , the assassin grinned with a heavy glass mask hed use him again .
reliability of a game of assassins is the key to sustaining rewarding than long-term relationships .
rousing himself from his reverie , he began swimming slowly away from the boat , hugging the bottom so to avoid any unk_NNS on the flashlight beams playing on the surface .
they were wasting their time , but he wanted to take no further chances .
by the time the flames were extinguished , there was a little left in the upper ships salon or unk_NNS , other than the main bedroom used as the owner .
his boss , his sacred charge , were dead .
his blood ran cold when he saw the image of the seated regent protruding from unk_DT face .
hed heard stories from the rumors of the ghost that came to kill , but never believed they were true .
now !
hed witnessed the handiwork in his own eyes with handiwork of swords king or el rey as he had known in mexico .
he was every heavily protected nightmare of the worst targets , a man who would walk through the walls or sides of buildings , and whom one was no safe .
a loss of assassins seeing the card calling in any innocence or hope hed ever had .
because now knew to alberto , indeed there was unk_NN , the devil danced in the darkness , unk_NN of the things precious to hell delivery .
as the alberto say , the assurance , there was something that had scared him more than the mexican marines , more than torture , the prospect of death itself .
he was a man with whom slaughter and killing was mundane to be seen in the evil true face , and it stared back at him , unflinching .
el rey had come into night with soul and stolen from unk_NNS .
the shacks were ablaze , sending the embers shooting through the air as they carried the hopes of survival to heaven in them .
the little sobbed girl was terrified of what was to come .
this was the worst night toddlers toddlers in a short harsh life , and it seemed surreal to her .
she hoped it was a nightmare .
the dead form of her father lay sprawled next to her mother , his life extinguished in an unspeakable manner .
she did n't understand any of it .
she wanted to live .
she had so much to do with her life , just starting .
as the seasons came and went , the familys time was spent , working their meager patch on the land in a plot of several acres in the century family .
no plumbing was that their water well came to unk_JJ .
the unthinkable then happened .
and now she kneeled , crying while she murmured the only prayer she knew , hoping it would work for the talisman to keep bad men at bay .
with our father , unk_NN , heaven , she unk_VBD a soft tone of tremulous .
cried the little girl , god abandoned her , innocent , even as she continued to recite assured the shed words to protect her anything .
thy lead ripped from her cerebrum abruptly unk_VBG her brief sojourn on earth .
her frail body tumbled lifelessly on the ground .
her after the ordeal was over .
the nights nights were another in a long line of horrors , theyd inflicted their fellow men in order to solidify into control of their unk_NNS in the region .
the citizenry only understood and one thing respected and that force of brute .
they were in delivery system for that primal justice , and they knew nobody would ever miss the peasant family or question the events of that night .
the events would remain just another footnote in slaughter from the ongoing part of the drug traffic in mexico .
nobody was to defend innocents , and so they had perished as countless others had them in brutal episodes that determined nothing .
the soil was steeped in mexicos , the blood of the helpless men knew nobody would mourn them .
they had no power with no clout , and so disposable .
enforcers returned to their truck started by roar , and they tore off into the night as a dirt track that led to civilization was such as it .
~ ~ twenty years ago in sinaloa mexico , the horses that whinnied as they galloped through the periphery of the open field .
the men in the center gathered whistling on ponies as they celebrated their temporary freedom of equestrian .
the majority of unk_NNS grown in mexico came in sinaloa and it would harvest this that the creation of the modern cartel system was instrumental .
originally , only a few families were engaged in u.s. marijuana trafficking , heroin with moderate quality and purity of modest local fields .
it was a small business that operated in the cottage industry , held tightly to a minimum of violence other than turf wars , growing and distribution rights .
in the early 1990s the mexican cartels were much trafficking handling the unk_NNS , whose cartels had been disintegrated in the late 1980s , of their survivors , which were now mainly focused in the manufacturing .
the little had become a decade in small business , the unk_JJ industry and various factions fought it out by the rights in their geographical areas .
by 1990 , the sinaloa cartel was most powerful in all mexico all the world , primarily in fact , because the unk_NN of the mexican , drug miguel , unk_NN miguel was primarily culiacan on the capital miguel .
it was he who ran a hundred percent of mexico trade in the seventies and eighties , and he who had unk_NNS relationships .
the particular tijuana cartel and the unk_JJ cartel were unk_VBN with greater sway and a larger chunk of profits leading to the often bloody wars of their sinaloa brethren .
a group of men watching the horses laughed easily together at the cans of unk_NN , tempering the worst of the heat of mid-day heat .
it would fall the storm season was largely over , but the temperatures were still in the high nineties reach of the day , bringing it a substantial humidity .
it was his birthday and ten time for it for him to begin learning that hed require the world hed survive in the unk_JJ world .
the head of the household in one of the original ranking sinaloa cartel members were mexico translated more than writing , writing and arithmetic .
its time for you to learn the world way .
and who knows , maybe when youre older he will even teach you two or two thing , don miguel joked .
the surrounding men laughed obligingly , his fun sense of fun .
my business is demanding the increasing amount of my time , and ill be traveling much year so im entrusting you to unk_VB capable hands .
youre to treat him in the same respect , can you afford me ?
can we clear that ?
hes your mentor in position of honor , but its also one of responsibility , and if you fail to apply yourself , it will reflect poorly for him .
the boy nodded to his understanding .
he did n't talk much , never seen much of it 's point .
unk_VBZ regarded to emilio , him and then grunted , gesturing with his head for the boy to follow him .
a pair of stables walked and once a view of the men got to emilio down , one so better to get his point across .
my job is to make you a man .
i know your history and im here tell you nothing matters , but present and future .
where ?
thats meaningless .
nobody cares .
the only reason that matters past , so you will learn it .
thats making the whole reason for mistakes and surviving them matters .
experience is what we call mistakes we survive .
grinned emilio , and tussled hair tussled .
and ive got a lot of experience .
so youre going to stick with me , eh ?
every day before you go to school , we will spend an hour learning together how to discipline your body .
every afternoon of school , in three hours , spend me learning how to discipline your mind .
once you have both total control , well proceed to the fun stuff learning how to shoot the swim ride in the hunt and how to stay hidden .
but i ca n't teach you anything until you have control of yourself .
the boy glared at him dubiously , his dislike , and his new mentor was the obvious situation .
to emilio , him swatted the side of the head just enough to get his attention .
you see .
you do n't have control .
you ca n't hide your emotions , so youre an open book for anyone who wants to read you .
you do n't like me and its obvious , so i now have the power for you .
given me that power by failing to contain your feelings , and i can use it to hurt you .
so , your first lesson is to control your emotions .
not if you can control and blown around like a leaf , taking always whatever storm is taking place in your brain .
even after ten years old , boy had learned to listen .
see to emilio , the wheels turning his small head as he absorbed what the older man said .
it does n't matter to me , we do this an easy way or a hard way .
either work .
if youre interested in proving youre stubborn , your energy will save something that matters .
you want to prove something to show me youre determined , have plenty of chances .
my job is to build you a leader , others look up to , who makes the smart decisions in level head and who never ever loses his cool .
soon youll figure out its better to put some effort into learning what im teaching rather than it is fighting .
the end of resisting resisting the lessons was just delaying the inevitable getting the fun parts .
so decide .
make choice , then eliminate all the other possible outcomes .
that was your road .
i hope you select a good one , concluded emilio , and then opened the door to the barn and then moved bales into the hay .
he studied the pile and motioned his hand with the old pitchfork leaning against the far wall .
happy birthday .
today is starting , and every day until i tell you to stop you , i want you to move the hay to these bales , in this pile the feeding trough .
one hour would spend the day doing it every morning at school .
emilio glanced at the boy , now regarded him impassively .
the old man reached into his pocket and produced a new stainless steel wrist , tearing off the tags as he examined the clasp .
he looked at the time and then tossed it to the boy , snatched it into the air with ease .
thats my birthday gift , are you ?
its always important to give in order to get .
i see youre unk_VBN on your catch .
that was a liability for time .
well work together so , do you do any task in either hand equally comfortably ?
if youre ever wounded on one arm , you can use the other and the difference in edge are you living or dying on the floor .
everything i has reason .
but now start the hay .
do you know how to read the clock ?
how to tell time for that watch ?
the boy nodded his head in an affirmative .
another lesson .
never tell me you know something if you do n't .
i do n't mind it , if you do n't know , not knowing if you have n't been shown wo n't be your fault .
not knowing because you have n't been shown because you pretended to unk_VB the stupidity cautioned to emilio .
i know how to tell time , how to read the clock .
im not stupid , the boy declared angrily .
ah , so he speaks .
very good .
but you still have n't learned my first lesson .
by showing me how youre feeling , either your voice or eyes or body , youre giving me an advantage to you .
and i will use that to destroy you .
so well work for you learning to control your emotions to be cool and collected all times .
its the first lesson , you will teach and probably the most single valuable .
to emilio , the boys studied the boys dark brown eyes radiating from quiet intensity .
once you are a master of the ability to manage your inner domain , you have the power of others in them instead , having the power for you .
learning to do so as a matter of practice .
the more of you practice has become more composed and youll be faster than youll progress .
its not just about hiding your emotions from the others , its about arresting your state .
if you lose control , you will lose .
its that simple .
if nothing else would always remember that .
ill lose you .
bearl glanced at the pitchfork emilio , then back to the boy .
and something tells me you do n't like losing , eh ?
well , another piece of experience heres a lifetime of mistakes , winning , takes usually a lot of it work .
and practice .
and a commitment .
which is where i come in .
so happy birthday , treat your watch , care and it can function well for many years and get the hay its not going to move itself .
the emilio turned and strode into the building and the path riding in the dirt , leaving the boy in his thoughts .
emilio , tell , he is one tough little bastard , that is sure .
it is n't easy , reining in him .
it was the same for horses .
don miguel was a smart man , and he was clear that he had expected the groomed boy to be a suitable heir to his rapidly expanding fortune .
the next five or six years were the ones who had been forged in character for the boys and made him whatever he could ultimately be .
good , tough .
so stubborn .
and smart .
don miguel stressed how intelligent the boy was devouring every book he could get his hands on .
that is a powerful combination of traits of character .
emilio would steer him in the direction where he had the outlet to his obvious simmering anger .
don did n't have time to raise him and teach him what hed need to know .
every day brought more and more threats of dons survival , the truth was , he was hiding in for much time , directing his affairs to a safe distance .
don miguel was now a major player in the mexican trafficking scheme , but the spoils of risks came .
there was a constant and never-ending supply of enemies cut his throat the slightest advantage .
the danger is very real and immediate .
so he would leave his beloved unk_NN with his horses and become a general in the ongoing war coming only home for brief visits when he deemed it safe .
there was dons business , no retiring to no quitting to pursue the other interests .
operated in trade , according to the jungle law , you kept killing until something killed you .
if you predator the meanest and smartest , perhaps youd have a long life .
so far , don proved miguel up to , every challenge .
that would change in blink , but emilio did n't think so .
he was one of a genius genius easily , as well as utterly ruthless and clinically calculating .
that combination of traits is rare , especially in business , which boasted more testosterone than a boxing club .
but don also been looking for the future .
he realized that the boy was always target , no matter what pursuit he chose , an adult .
which meant he needed to be equipped with the skills that would enable him to survive in a world filled with enemies .
emilio boys , the best of survival shot .
he would teach him the lessons he would need to learn well in order to stay alive , and hopefully to flourish .
he could make a man boy .
today was starting .
he was remarkably self-possessed , excelled in his studies and diligently worked through his exercises .
to emilio , him transitioned transitioned transitioned , in order to keep up his developing rapidly physique .
sculpted his upper body in a series of unk_JJ exercises culminating in unk_NNS and push-ups , his lower body conditioned with increasingly longer runs .
even as he approached his fourteenth birthday , he was easily mistaken for two years older , and his gait was taken by a measured confidence of an athlete .
don miguel had stopped occasionally , and for each time hed been surprised at the boys development .
for six months , the time was gone , it seemed taller than each visit a few boy and sporting a few more muscle pounds .
don miguel was pleased with a metamorphosis and indicated to his satisfaction of generous allowance for boys allowance as well as unk_NN unk_NN .
workload the boy was now easily half of the unk_NNS , because the number of skills had learned to increased his age .
he was already a accomplished rider on horseback and a swimmer , and had shown a considerable unk_NN aptitude .
that was how he approached things methodically , unk_RB .
hed quickly taken unk_NNS heart , and worked at controlling his emotions with no matter what the stimuli .
emilio had taught him any number of tricks to help him remain detached and calm any situation .
for his fourteenth birthday , don miguel was nowhere to be found , but sent a substantial substantial stipend , lavished on the boys with newest weapons of training .
at this point , he knew the boy practice until he excelled in whatever challenge , and he was n't disappointed in his progress of firearms .
a year the boy shot a crack without any weapon you handed him firing handed either right or left .
nobody would hurt to be done with no harm , and everyone was getting bountiful christmas to the bonuses each year , so there was no reason to rock any boats .
it would live and let live as far as law enforcement was concerned , which worked out everyones best interests .
the boy quickly grew comfortable , provided any guns with him .
his fourteenth year transitioned transitioned , his fifteenth , he was exceeding all expectations , had to emilio on him .
he set up two coffee cans thirty yards away from each other , paced off forty boy and held out both handguns .
the left target , shoot your left hand , using the revolver .
use one right , unk_NN .
as quickly as you can , fire while maintaining emilio , instructed accuracy .
the boy hefted both pistols , getting to feel their weight .
he knew hundreds of hours of experience , firing the big bore revolver that required different skills to the smaller automatic caliber .
how many pounds of trigger unk_NN pressure ?
the boy asked .
i wonder if youre a situation where you have to use someone elses weapon whether that answer to you is able .
my guess is not replied to emilio .
the boy shrugged .
never hurt to ask .
he calculated a distance and then began firing weapons alternating rapidly , but not in an uncontrolled manner .
a pair of cans , which theyd been filled with water that sprouted leaks .
after emptying both weapons in their direction , they walked over to inspect the results .
after six possible revolver hits , five found their mark .
all nine loaded in emilio , theirs found unk_NN .
not bad .
i guessed you would n't hit any of the revolver .
the only problem is that the one you ca n't hit it might be one that you needed to save your life .
well need more than this practice to switch things up to you .
and i want to start practicing shooting while running or riding out of the vehicle soon .
this was high emilio praise to emilio , his unk_NNS were grudging .
the boy smiled .
he understood that his performance was extraordinary .
nobody he knew was done for it .
but to emilio , was right .
there was no room for error , and no satisfaction to be had almost from great .
unk_NNS could only concern the boy , an interest in the inevitable that he showed his daughter , jasmine .
she was younger than a boy 's year , but already beauty , thankfully reflecting in her mothers genes , rather than unk_NNS .
mother died in jasmines when she was five , leaving to emilio , leaving the shoulder of the burden of raising her , his sister and mother .
return to which the ladies were raised as he called them , jasmine while he was working .
the only quirk shed shown deep occult interest , no doubt , driven by a frustrated desire to somehow relate her departed mother .
worried to emilio , but the ladies assured him that it was just a phase , a way to appear more mysterious as she came to age .
unk_NNS days , consisted of working , boy , and the horses .
once both children were home at the school , his attention was focused , almost exclusively for the boy , leaving the boy trained in the ways of the feminine ladies in the world .
this is n't because of any lack of love for the unk_JJ part .
on the contrary , he lived , jasmine .
he rationalized that this was natural and hopefully would also pass .
she just needed other women to learn , whatever it had learned they were while he had taught the boy how to do masculine things .
culiacan on culiacan were a large city , half an hour drive to the ranch .
it had a martial arts schools specializing in the karate judo and the kung unk_NN .
boy , convinced emilio , his development is warranted for three week classes .
his classmates had treated him polite and cautious deference on at that point .
he did n't mix with the rest of his peers , and showed no friendships interest in casual unk_NN the halls .
they were children , given the excitement or emotional flights , whereas he was almost an adult , which was always restrained .
he was quiet and withdrawn and tended to keep himself , preferring to limit his mingling to jasmine a recess .
they had grown close to a virtue of their shared figure with male authority .
it was a unk_NN relationship the most part , but the ladies cautioned both the emilio and the jasmine who have things to change once they were both matured .
shortly after he turned sixteen and fifteen she occurred to the inevitable , the two inseparable became inseparable , in spite of the adults .
the boy had grown a gangly , self-possessed young man who looks made the females glance at him twice , and jasmine radiated a dazzling beauty of behold .
so what are you up to ?
the same ever ?
the last days of school of year and constant practice with your father .
ah , yes , practice .
thats got to get old for a while , she said , offering a gleaming smile .
the boy eyed the proceedings with an interest in marginal , his attention more drawn than the jasmines skin and flashing eyes anything unk_JJ jasmines .
when the show was over , the electricity seemed to crackle between the jasmine and the boy , unspoken , but as powerful as a lightning strike .
come on !
the boy nodded , swallowing hard , his mouth suddenly dry and they walked to the edge of the clearing and then the heavy woods surrounding the ranch .
where are you going ?
he asked , but she did n't answer anything but shush as she led the way .
in the heat of the day , unk_NNS muggy built storm approaching and was palpable to change into the atmosphere of water .
i just wanted to get away for a while .
its so damned hot in the house and nothing to do .
im bored , she complained , her lips flashing a hint of a smile as she took the stream .
how about you ?
dont get you tired , every day , the same thing , never anything new .
its driving me crazy , he moved to the edge of the bank and picked up a small flat stone , then tossed it into the swirling current .
who would n't ?
he admitted , and then they both fell silent , contemplating a surge of gentle streams .
jasmine sat down in the water and then lay back on the grass , considering the sparse configuration , clouds sat overhead as though they were held in some secret sort .
hed always been easy with her presence to be bred in familiarity with proximity bred , but now suddenly everything felt different and he did n't think of anything to say .
the warm breeze stirred the surrounding trees , and for a moment , the time stood still in lingering perfection , as though it was forever last .
the jasmine rolled him and reached up a trembling hand , then pulled him down beside her , no words required .
he hesitated for a brief instant , and then he was lying next to her , her scent was vaguely floral as inviting as hed ever dreamt of .
his lips found hers and his eyes closed even as hers remained open , a faraway look at them , neither recognized .
the boys with tentative gentleness shifted gradually with more aggressive confidence , and soon the urgency of him building dictated at its own pace .
as her rhythm matched his new unfamiliar hunger , now in her control , the need of little more than smolder , the suddenly flaring up to become an out-of-control blaze .
im hot .
come on !
it was obvious obvious its wonderful that she was invited and he glanced down at his shirt and pants in evidence of his arousal .
the day passed fog of desire , their appetites finally unleashed , the forbidden secrets of each others , now the bodies of accessible accessible to be explored .
a couple of time found that would sneak away even a while unk_JJ watch , as young lovers often do as a confounding of the best intentions for their guardians .
theyd spend a long hours with each others arms in the barn or hidden away from one of the recesses of the main house or their original rendezvous rendezvous with the stream .
once fully theyd discovered their passion , they were the prisoners that whod crossed into the long dry desert and found themselves in the oasis .
their unk_NN soon became a daily event , and for the first time in his life , the boy found himself enraptured by another human being .
the boy was even willing to entertain jasmines nature ideas in reality and indulged with her penchant for spirituality and paranormal , that developed gradually had a borderline obsession .
every other utterance was her fate in what or stars , wanted , the boy attributed to her exotic nature and bored intellect .
even though don miguel was hardly evidence , he had insisted that the boy had protected all times as though the ranch in the ranch was imminent .
this was just another way to which he was different than his cartel brethren , he was a meticulous planner , and nothing was left for the chance .
that stood for him in good stead in his life , he was unk_JJ with possible threats to his family or entourage .
the young couple leaned on their bicycles in front of the house and unk_CC ascended three rickety steps .
the jasmine knocked on the door and flakes of sun-bleached paint dusted her knuckles , the sound of their arrival echoing in the unk_NN walls .
after a considerable pause , the weathered door opened the ancient gray-haired woman wearing a shawl about a gauze red gypsy that trimmed small gold coins .
she fixed them on both , one-eyed stare , lost the vision of her other eye long ago .
the boy felt momentary revulsion when he saw her unk_JJ pupil , but hid his reaction and braved a tentative smile .
so this is a young man .
welcome , amor , mi jasmine .
look at him .
strapping one , yes .
handsome , you are that right and strong , like a bull , id wager .
come in come in , madame unk_NN , insisted , gesturing to the gloomy , interior of her unk_JJ hand .
sit on the table .
lets see what we have , eh ?
first look in your palm and see what gods have written you in terms of love and lifeand , then , reading .
she peered at them in the gloom , a crafty expression on her wizened face .
the bowl and money disappeared quickly , and then , madame moved into the room , candles , lighting and incense .
the overall effect was somewhat clumsy , but effective in the local unk_NN , he supposed .
what jasmine had found , so it was all fascinating , but if it made her happy , it was so it .
accepting her fascination in the judgment , seemed to be a small price for enough to pay to find heaven in her embrace .
a crone approached the table and switched on a dusty yellow hanging lamp , an intricate shade of unk_NN directed at most of the light in the center of the table .
she sat across from the boy and gestured for him .
give me your hand .
right hand .
palm up !
just relax .
this is n't hurt .
much , she assured him , then cackled .
he wondered that shed gotten her act central , casting , central , in horror , unk_NN , the kind of badly dubbed unk_NNS , badly dubbed , spanish or blurry .
still , he played along and dutifully placed his hand on the table .
the woman took it out of hers and made a variety of sounds intended to signal the deep thought , no doubt .
i see clear of your line of love .
you only have one real love for your life and it is your time early here .
your lifeline is different .
its long , but many breaks has signaling something unusual .
maybe illness , maybe brushes death ?
but it continues , so you can prevail on it unk_RB .
this went on for a while , and he feigned polite interest to the ambiguous unk_NNS of his possible future .
of course , sitting with jasmine was sitting there , listening , love was early and genuine , the element of the truth was held .
when he was jasmine , he felt an eagle soaring through the clouds .
the intensity of his feelings for her was almost scary .
it gave her the power to him , his training advised him from .
still , unk_NNS was not to be denied and he was smitten with that sure .
this tarot .
it all knows all and tells .
nobody will hide the truth of the tarot , and its words possess the wisdom of the ages .
sure they do .
the hundred of my unk_NNS was worth to be exact .
cheesy canned tunes and gypsy act .
he wished shed on with it .
her woman began the ritual , and the end paused as a shed revealed all the cards .
the boy was absently studying the photos of the stained wall behind her , his attention caught from the raven photograph , or perhaps a crow perched on the fence by the barbed-wire .
something chilled it to his blood , but he did n't know why .
hed tuned her prattle into his gaze , the images roamed thinking of the thoughts worthy of his energy rather than listening to superstitious mumbo-jumbo .
his awareness grudgingly returned to the table , pulled the crow photo as madame unk_JJ contemplated the meaning of cards .
she pointed several with a trembling finger .
this is death .
its placement of reading ominous .
it was a signal for many things , but in this sequence , it was hints that you were constantly surrounded by death .
the droning woman continued , but the boy was unk_VBG out again .
gee , guess good .
youre living in culiacan on don miguel , as your protector and benefactor , going to be surrounded by death .
what a stretch , and all and all , surprise .
nonstop , nonstop and survival , training had no doubt that chatted with a woman about n't unk_NN or anything .
hell , all he had to do was close to his eyes and he could bring death into fresh surface as though it had only occurred just yesterday .
incredibly so far insightful .
he was getting his moneys worth .
what next ?
king and defining the defining card , swords .
but its inverted .
which was a negative sign .
it could mean many things to most of which involve destruction and selfish inverted consequences .
the boy asked , said finally interested in something shed .
its upside down , medium voice explained .
not me , boy observed .
he was sitting with her .
they were both correct .
reading uncomfortable and abrupt close , tense as the woman seeming suddenly anxious to be rid of them .
no doubt she felt shed done enough of her unk_NN in the hundred unk_NNS and hoping for more revenue than the day .
she had n't well responded to the boys reading mockery as theyd pedaled taking it to the personal affront to her sacred beliefs .
in retrospect , he had chosen his few words with more kindness .
bullshit are unk_VBN baffling as superstitious as superstitious idiocy .
whatever the womans ability to divine the future , one thing forever changed that afternoon on .
and he was never the same , which he attributed directly to the vicious witchs black black predictions .
the old crone had the ability to unk_VB in the future , all right , that shed initiated a subtle campaign to undermine their relationship for who knew what reason .
but he quickly learned that the power of the superstition significant the lesson he could carry forward with him in life .
the previous months had passed the topic of how to deal with a romantic unk_NN , often aired by the elders on the compound .
it was a constant sticking point to emilio and ladies .
opinion to emilio , if the boy was going to be sampling his bounty of precious unk_NN flowers , he would plan on getting married , the sooner the better .
ladies had argued any sort of confrontation , because partially who he was , as well as mitigating in their youth .
neither jasmine nor the boy was aware of a seething disagreement with their unk_NNS caused not either interested in them particularly as the older adults opinions .
the youth arrogance would inevitably believed its supremacy , and the young typically convinced the aged had a little grasp of how the modern world had worked .
the boy lapped it up , growing more each day , and eventually moved his infatuation with jasmine , even as she showed no appetite further after him .
it was that sixteenth summer he made a mental resolution to the impenetrable island and aloof , using others for his convenience , but nothing more .
for the first time in his life hed opened up and entrusted to the jasmine in his heart , only to repaid her spitting on his face to his trouble .
his rigid training provided a solution to never allow anyone to get close , never reveal your true self and never care .
and so it was that he had found a useful philosophy that afforded him some relief his time , confused pain .
the others had no innate value to him beyond what they would do to further his agenda or meet his demands .
they objects only existed with minor planets orbiting in his solar system , in which he was the sun of unk_NN , life and the worlds destroyer .
the boy had a slim interest in considering the ramifications of his chosen worldview .
his training was now consumed by all of his free hours as he sought to exceed to conjure even emilio , the highest bars at the challenges .
hed increased his dojo sessions five times a week and quickly mastered most of the offered techniques .
he had ravenous intellect than any his instructors had ever seen a young man who would do or whatever he wanted .
the remainder of his sixteenth year spent in rigorous pursuit of excellence whether they were physical intellectual , or unk_VBN endeavors .
his teen years were the defining period where he had honed his proficiency on the edge of razors .
the emilio , the discipline was sought to instill yielded with incredible dividends .
the boy was almost superhuman with his commitment and unk_NN .
it was as though providence had blessed him with a surplus of fitness and unk_NN .
satisfied to emilio , time he was due to seventeen turn , done his boy work .
hed made the transition to the boy , a young man , and the world was now his playground to do with as he liked .
chapter eleven 4 years ago from veracruz in mexico , the navy base was expansive veracruz , crawling between personnel and equipment .
this was primary headquarters in the gulf region , and where the specialized training of the countrys seals equivalent took place of unk_NN unk_NNS or special forces .
this elite fighters team had just created unk_NN the navys marine infantry infantry .
they were the ultimate mexicos ninja squad to be used as most dangerous under circumstances , most of the missions were hazardous .
the young man departed abruptly in the sinaloa , hed floated in mexico , for a few months , creating an appropriate paperwork so he could join the navy using the virgin identity .
he was quickly impressed with his commanding officers with his supernatural weapons capabilities and placed a fast track on the new group .
he is the candidate for the job , a job , an athletic young , prodigy of smart fearless guns and extremely tough .
if vocation had ever specially made him one of the new navy commandos was it .
even the motto resonated with him , unk_NN unk_NN , unk_NN .
the spirit force and wisdom .
he had all three in abundance , and hed arrived in a perfect place to continue the education hed begun to emilio .
hed signed up for a few months his seventeenth birthday , although his new paperwork had put his age eighteen and a half .
that was the necessary artifice as his selection of name , so he could start anew , any baggage from his past .
the young man was now calling himself a unk_JJ unk_NN , as good as any other , he supposed .
names were unimportant at him .
they were disposable as most of everything in his life .
unk_NN excelled in brutal training conditions , kinder in which truth , and more relaxed , the ones hed imposed himself for years .
but he learned a lot , especially on the side of the explosives .
there was nothing military to unk_VB the kind of training you , just did n't get in civilian life , no matter what you did .
he became model of all the men who would follow demanding more of himself than anything who mustered his trainers .
young unk_NN had far more motivated any of his classmates to get all he could for his years of service .
he viewed his military time , stepping stone , whereas his peers would go on to soldiers a career .
none of which he told his recruiting officer .
after basic training , he stood out as far as the quality of the other green recruits .
his scores of written exams were floored by the instructors .
unk_RB smart candidate was here , swim like fish , shoot a marksman , and had physical prowess with a professional athlete .
today , they were working on , specialized in sniping at the long range considered anything about anything thousand or almost thirty-three hundred feet .
at such extreme distances , the variety came from elements to play , the strength of wind and direction the humidity came in elevation and at a rate of movement if it was n't stationary target .
while the recorded instances of snipers killing twenty-four more than a hundred meters , those anomalies considered .
sixteen hundred meters a mile away from the target .
targets of days exercise , confirmed distance of thousand meters or roughly three mile quarters .
many snipers would have preferred the smaller unk_CD caliber precision rifles and the official sniper rifle at the marines with a heckler & koch unk_NN firing unk_CD millimeter round .
each cadet from sniper was assigned to the coach that gave the firing order and then received a unk_NN report .
the accuracy dropped off markedly once crossed the threshold of the seven hundred meter and there were a few who deliver the precise hits , over eight hundred .
what can your nose tell you ?
the coach asked unk_RB .
moderate humidity .
the wind speed and direction were guesstimate .
seven ten knots , unk_NN , replied unk_NN .
thirty degrees unk_NN .
were going to do this , computer .
purely based on your observations .
if youre confident in your observations , your bearings will adjust accordingly .
good luck , the coach said and then stepped back , leaving the young man himself .
unk_NN concentrated on controlling his breathing , and soon his entire awareness was synthesized into the tiny world in the scope .
long ago hed learned never to pull the trigger as it could throw off with accuracy .
the best a deliberate squeeze .
the radio crackled and the report came back .
the unk_NN .
good shooting .
they repeated the exercise , ten shots , all of which landed a grouping of ten inch .
i think done here , young man .
that was impressive shooting .
unk_UH looked up at the coach .
he emboldened his success and wanted to try the best of personal .
he got along well as a man so he floated his idea .
why do n't we try it at unk_CD meters ?
just to make it interesting .
unk_UH suggested .
the coach looked at him like he was crazy .
pretty cocky , huh ?
thats the impossible range of that weapon and that ammo , not to mention that scope .
do you want to put money on it ?
the coach asked .
fifteen hundred meters just a mile away and the absolute maximum of the target range of unk_JJ target .
two hundred unk_NNS says i nail it five three .
although i agree to crap this ammo at that distance .
id prefer to load it to myself with a better consistency , but hey , hey unk_UH .
but the three misses we go home and im two hundred richer .
the coach got a radio and issued the instructions to the man unk_NN moved obligingly at the target at the farthest point of the field before taking cover .
its your funeral .
when ready , the coach said .
unk_UH took his time , made further adjustments in the scope , then repeated , his process for meditation , where he became one of the weapon .
the discharge almost startled him so his concentration was focused .
there was no need to wait for the radio to report .
he knew what it would say .
unk_UH , twenty center centimeters crackled in the radio .
shes right or left .
or low or high .
tell him specific , would you ?
unk_VBN unk_NN .
rica studied the wide-eyed coach unk_RB like he was on another planet , then posed as a question .
came back response .
shes right .
thats what i thought hed say .
the winds died down by the hair for the last thirty seconds .
tell him clear , unk_NN said .
once he got to go ahead , he repeated the impossible shot .
four more times .
all shots were grouped at the foot of the variance .
the coach gladly handed two hundred unk_NNS to a single , most astounding marksmanship display hed ever witnessed .
youre the fucking monster , you know that .
thats voodoo shit , right there .
ive never seen anything like it and ive been teaching ten years over .
that i was one of the top three marksmen in mexico unk_VBD the coach , studying him in kind of wonder .
that can those who do both men laughed together in spite of the unk_JJ age difference .
the unk_NN again would never shoot that accuracy at that distance , preferring to limit his performance to more average expectations .
it did n't do to show off , or to develop too much of a reputation .
better than one of a million day , and then graduate a third of class top on top .
he remembered unk_NNS sage counsel from when he could just sprout .
never show too much of your hand .
there is to give your enemies information to make a gift .
and friends had become enemies .
so know how good you are , and then a private pleasure will take that accomplishment .
becoming celebrated , you makes the target .
better to be the middle of the herd , when the hunters come head .
the evening unk_UH enjoyed his place with peers like his peers , as unk_VBD the news to his exploit .
the power of information and allowing no , inviting others to understand that his capabilities were foolhardy .
his goal was to drain what experience he could in the service and then slip away like a ghost .
it would serve no useful purpose , to have noticed any more than he had already been .
at that point , he would adopt a lower profile and continue pearls pearls experience accumulate in his work there .
that night as he lay his head in his bunk , he began to countdown a mental countdown .
when did he begin his new new life ?
the patience , he told himself , was a virtue of enormous dividends pay that it became his bedtime mantra .
he needed to maximize his learning while he was still at school .
thats how he viewed his life as the point hed arrived at it was his education .
the time had come soon when a pupil proved master himself , but now he had lessons to absorb .
and he still needed more hours than scuba time , as well as some orientation , flying planes and helicopters .
the latter two were n't curriculum , but he was unk_VBG to get them added .
you never know too much .
visions of his future , cascading into his awareness , he slowly drifted off to sleep , his days finally toil at the end .
the panamanian flag was flying by caruso , at least forty years and made a long trip of times countless countless than america .
the dark paint on her dented steel sides bubbled from the rivets in the underlying rust .
she looked at her last legs as many of the freighters made their way into the busy deep port of water .
it was an ingenious design that had taken a place modifications to a discreet colon shipyard from panama while other unk_NNS had attended to .
it was far more unk_JJ to use the unk_NNS unk_NNS instead of your own , and if rivals for the firefight got the process , so much the better .
the marines were long considered the only incorruptible military branch .
the army was notoriously riddled with rot , but the marines , for whatever the reason , had n't bought off and most so feared the law enforcement branches .
in mexico , the army and the navy worked the police and unk_NNS , internal security , battling the drug cartels , especially in recent unk_NN , more specialized groups .
the total army budget was the less percent of the unk_NN , put it at considerably in a billion dollars .
that was a contrast to over fifty billion dollars a year , wholesale value from cocaine that moved through the cartels .
the ninety percent margin , which is left narcotraficantes for vastly greater resources in the army .
since mexicans had taken trafficking from unk_NNS cocaine and begun in earnest unk_NNS unk_NNS had gotten crazy money .
the profits , unk_NN was still significant to one of the two hundred percent unk_NN , mexicans , but five in internationally trafficking margin tenfold .
in margins is the incredible direct function of substances unk_NN , market market , united states .
but keeping illegal substances , especially since they demand a huge , caused profits to go to the roof .
mexico bore the brunt of the violence that ensued for power ensued , principally because it was a geographic gateway to the largest market of drugs in the world in the united states .
at the range of hundred six meters from the closest point to him , it was not a breeze gusting through the twenty knot hed need to factor in .
this was his first active operation since graduating special forces in the course , so he felt a tingle of anticipation before finally testing his skills in the unk_JJ environment .
shooting targets , paper , or silhouettes , the range was one thing , but another it was thick with enemies shooting back quite .
this operation was a tricky one that the commander did n't want to get a gun battle if he did n't have to .
unk_UH questioned the logic involved , but did n't say anything .
hed had a high-speed tender , secured by the ships , a contingency stern of get-away , and also had a man watching the water approach , just in case .
because you never ever really knew you had to expect unexpected .
but it was n't his place to second-guess his superiors , and he was interested to see how the exercise would play out .
he gave the marines a less twenty percent chance of taking a ship in a battle that meant hed see some real action .
albeit a distance , but preferred that truth .
long ago hed concluded that it was far safer from afar sniping to hero the hail of slugs .
that would leave his peers .
hed pick his targets with surgical precision before they knew what had hit them .
as the two large norwegian rats in the wharf , dock scurried away from the ship and two smoking men .
these were big rodents , their bodies inches long , eighteen , long with tails to match the scavengers the size of the small dogs .
the pier area was infested with them , and the city had long ago given up on trying to bring the control population .
unk_UH studied the battered ships bridge for signs of life , slowly scanning the superstructure and taking his time through each reinforced helms windows .
he knew his reading designed the unk_VBG vessels to withstand the seas up at sixty feet of height , the theory of waves did n't get any larger than that .
of course , the waves of a hundred foot rogue recorded some regularity had ignored the industry , because if you had built the ships of those survive , they were too expensive .
through his night-vision scope , the bridge illuminated an eerie green .
there were two armed sentries , visible to the superstructure , one of the outside on the bridge walkway , and other from the inside .
he could just make out a gleam with binoculars to the interior , so opinion of unk_NNS , the chances of the commanders were working diminished less than zero .
he was glad it was n't his ass in this one .
virtually anything other than the direct assault on the dock .
no wonder of military casualties , drug wars , so high .
operational plans amounted to charge to brandishing a saber and screaming .
little expectation of anything but blood bath .
he did n't envy his fellow commandos on their duty tonight .
there was no way this could go well .
he adjusted his scope to compensate for the wind stiffening and calculate the distance between his laser unk_NN .
six-hundred meters six-hundred .
like shooting fish in the barrel , he thought , allowing himself to be a private luxury of a small smile .
anything with a smile but reassuring .
the commander gave the signal , and the two undercover men exited the building , holding one of the unk_NN bottle in his hand and talking loudly to the inebriated slur .
when there were six total men on the gangplank , ship theyd breach and pour more of the building and reinforce them there .
they had two vehicles waiting to race out that the armed men were filled with fifteen seconds gangplank given a signal .
it seemed like suicide to unk_VB , but it was n't his job to craft a better plan .
he was only there to shoot that he was now perfectly positioned to do .
it was inefficient which his sense of symmetry was more offended than anything .
he watched as the two men staggered their way down the pier , and then returned his full attention to the bridge .
a pair of operatives undercover , by the time they made it two sentries , the bridge was in sight due to the hull angle .
unless , of course , the two guards have moved , in which case the plan , or alternatively , need to aborted .
walking headfirst through the killing zone was generally generally strategy anywhere bad anywhere in the world not just in mexico , and he could n't see the commander barreling forward , if a plan was doomed for failure .
at least he had not hoped .
the exterior bridge of the bridge was carrying a machine pistol with some sort of it looked like an uzi to unk_VB .
that meant a limited useful range and accuracy .
an antiquated uzi design an effective two hundred meters fine , fine by the typical unk_JJ urban combat , but lousy applications requiring accuracy in the distance .
at its effective range of unk_NN and the extremely high muzzle velocity , it made an ideal choice of assault applications more compensated for its relatively small slug size .
hed fired all three to emilio for years and disassemble and reassemble any of them in the matter in seconds , so he knew unk_IN he spoke .
their luck was n't going well so far .
two smoking dock sentries moved to the men , so any engagement would take place in plain sight on the bridge .
that could mean in a full-blown firefight with no cover , likely a very high toll on the special forces side .
he exhaled , unk_VBG his mind in the preparation of the imminent attack and zeroed unk_CD barrett sniper sniper rifle in into the upper torso .
the bridge man is still on his biggest concern .
show it a time .
he fixed the target on the crosshairs , and waited for the instruction .
the commander was watching the approach , and did not liking what he saw .
he understood unk_NNP if the bridge sentries had n't become unawares , the assault had become a slaughterhouse with his men taking heavy casualties .
after struggling to an internal debate , the commander murmured the com system .
the mission was aborted .
shit hissed , commander and pacing began mulling his choices .
now theyd probably have just pull up armored vehicles , and this could do the hard way it shooting out no element of surprise .
taking out a single sentry at almost thousand meters was a challenge , were n't really much .
it was a single shot .
maybe two if they would send someone to find some armor-piercing rounds .
i have a word .
unk_UH asked .
the commander regarded him in surprise .
unk_NN was one of his best men , but he never spoke .
he was a loner with no close corps relationships .
this was n't a great moment .
yes , sir .
i know , sir .
very well .
make it quick , barked the commander .
we need to coordinate a frontal assault before this goes on much longer .
permission to approach , sir .
get on with it .
unk_UH moved to the commanders side and spoke in a low , calm tone , explaining his ideas and arguing over the assault amphibian .
the commander listened carefully , and then cut him off forty-five seconds .
that would require far more stealth and luck as weve had tonight .
no , i think well be a good old-fashioned frontal assault and take our punches .
unk_NN considered arguing for a point and then decided that he did n't care much about that .
hed still get a couple of bad guys at least and what he would care to end if half the squad was mowed down .
yes , sir .
thank you for hearing me out , sir .
if going to do a frontal , i please get a magazine of the armor-piercing rounds .
come in handy , take out the gunman on the bridge , requested unk_NN .
the commander nodded and called the com to one of the team members waiting for the next building .
twenty minutes .
have em ?
well , thirty move .
the commander spun around and began issuing orders in preparation for the unk_NN assault .
theyd need a couple of armored personnel carriers enough to carry forty men .
a fallback plan was much more straightforward .
drive up to the ship .
men deploy if no firing takes place and seize the ship .
if the sentries or crew had decided to shoot it out , blast away everything in sight , and their way could shoot the ship 's ship , either surrendered or dead .
it was inelegant and the result of a lot of flying bullets , but it had to benefit the simplicity .
unk_UH thanked him and emptied half of one of spare magazines , counting out five shells and replacing them with five rounds of armor-piercing .
he ejected the current bullet from the rifle and chambered one of the new armor-piercing cartridges , then returned to watching sentries through his night-vision scope .
the commander checked his watch , and at precisely unk_CD a.m. the assault was ordered to which everything quickly happened .
two gray unk_NNS resembled small tanks , anything more else , rumbled the corner and out on the pier , followed by two hulking trucks .
sentries , dock froze , staring in disbelief numb like an apparition and then hurriedly scuttled up the gangplank and disappeared up the ship .
one mans head reappeared in a few seconds and then the gangplank collapsed on the concrete pier below .
the crash immediately almost followed the steel watertight door , slamming the boom shut .
as it was barred from within , the grinding of the cogs in the dock was audible halfway , even the baritone growl of the vehicles .
it is going considerably harder to take the freighter now , because traffickers is forewarned .
unk_UH took the situation a few moments waiting for the right instant and squeezed the trigger .
the guns boom was deafening .
with the ringing of ears , he watched the satisfaction , both sentry standing on the bridge and the man collapsed inside .
hed timed it so he fired when the man was in front of outside the bridge , effectively killing two birds of one armor-piercing stone .
no reason to waste his precious ammo , after all .
he swiveled his attention to the hull where he could just make out heads popping up here and there , the nocturnal unk_NN version of the fairground stall .
a man wearing a baseball cap leaned over the railing and his weapon fired the vehicles below .
unk_UH caressed the trigger again and watched the head of the shooters vaporized .
moving down the line , he waited for the opening and took out another .
he was now down four shells in three he felt fair contribution to the ensuing wreck of operation train .
that left , commandos and traffickers at the classic mexican standoff .
after the shooting , the other ship had stopped the lone gunman who had n't made it inside the time , but the bulk of the bridges was bulk and so the unk_NNS was in line of sight .
firing at two unk_NNS also stopped though the entire area of the waterfront was still resonated with receding echoes of gunfire .
the commander barked the orders over the radio and men had emptied the personnel carriers and took up position to mount the assault .
the men below flung three grappling hooks affixed to the black nylon rope at the edge of unk_NNS .
the unk_VBN hooks all found the purchase .
unk_NN decided to shift his position and moved to a row of windows in the warehouse , until he placed more symmetrically and see down the entire length of the ship .
he set his rifle tripod down , not careful , a jar of weapon , and resumed peering into the scope .
there at the farthest end of the ship , the right stern , the gunman taking the cover of the unk_JJ lip on the edge of the boats deck .
unk_UH calculated the distance and added for additional forty yards and adjusted accordingly , then waited for the mans head to pop back up .
unk_UH took his shot and the mans head dissolved into a bloody spray of fragments .
the deck was now empty , although it was still ugly fighting on the ship .
not his problem .
the squad commander gave a unk_JJ signal , and in seconds commandos swiftly moving up the ropes of the ship above .
sure enough , opened one of the glass glass hatches , and poked the barrel of the gun out .
the first commandos was only a few feet on the edge , so he had only before the second theyd exposed the gunman .
unk_NN fired and the assault rifle tumbled harmlessly on the deck below unk_VBD taking three mans quarters , it was an arm .
that would give the rest for something to think about .
out there , it was a textbook unk_NN .
they had to use explosives to blow the open doors , and within fifteen minutes , the hull of gunfire bursts echoed through the boats .
eventually , the commander got all the clear men inside the men and the status report .
theyd been taken six hostiles out , no survivors , and nine men in the process were lost .
unk_NN listened to the unk_NN impassively , his face betraying nothing .
the commander glanced at him as he heard a casualty assessment , but unk_NN was busy packing up his gear , finished with his night work .
the commander approached him and stopped a few feet away , studying the sniper silent as he finished stowing his weapon in a long , padded case .
great shooting .
you have saved a lot of lives tonight , said the commander .
instead , he nodded and stood , shouldering a rifle case and unk_VBG his bag .
thank you , sir .
i had some lucky shots tonight .
we were all fortunate .
there had been nothing more to say , he saluted his free hand before descending the stairs to join the remainder of his team .
it was a long stretch of duty as bodies recovered and unk_VBD drugs , and he wanted to get sight of the commanders in his contempt as a man had leaked to his veneer .
it was n't worth it .
most of the world is composed of idiots , commander , simply one dolt , many and nothing , said unk_NN , or change things .
it was that night of his first live operation , he probably realized hed already learned everything he was going in the military .
the time was already come after little year after the service to reconsider his options .
to make matters worse ; he had witnessed countless acts of bumbling the bureaucracy as ranking officers , costing the men from their command casualties for no good reason .
although he had different ideas about how he could service them .
he was now shy for three months on his nineteenth birthday and was free to do as he was pleased .
yet there was some unfinished business he needed to attend to the sinaloa before he moved on in the next phase of his life .
hed learned to trust his judgment of these things , so he hopped from the bus and began a long trip from veracruz to culiacan .
wearing a special forces commando uniform , he afforded the privilege to the bus company , so thankfully it would cost him almost nothing to cross the nation .
in two days , hed left his naval career behind , he descended the stairs to culiacan , blinking into the bright sunlight of the early spring day .
there was the forty-two cramped hours of buses , eating whatever junk he could get irregular stops , his first business order would have a decent meal .
he set off in search of a restaurant for his favorite back in the day .
at the terminal , he hailed a cab , reciting the address memory as the driver as he slid into the back seat .
the young man changed into the town hed last as had the city itself growing in leaps and bounds .
the boy left and returned to the man .
the taxi arrived in the restaurant , la la unk_NN nestled on the banks of the canal unk_NNS .
the young man paid the driver and stepped out onto the pavement , unk_VBG his duffle as he studied the faade of the restaurant .
it was tuesday , so thin for breakfast business , had n't a weekend case it .
the typically place had the crowd of unk_NN between saturdays and sundays due to the generous portions of mouthwatering food and the soothing waterside ambiance .
he had been there a few times to emilio on the special occasions , and it was one of the things in his mind since boarding a bus to veracruz .
this sleepy area seemed things to always remain the same , even the city that grew at an unprecedented rate .
the waitress arrived with a breakfast heaping platter , and as he tucked in he ran down his mental list .
the first thing he would need to do transportation reliable transportation .
taxis were n't going to be an option for what he had in mind , so hed need to get some sort of unk_NN sooner rather later .
his unk_NN was as thin as it was , that meant stealing something , or probably somethings several depending on how far he had decided to travel .
he munched his food , savoring a spicy sauce rich and cleaned his plate would the unk_NN as efficiently .
stuffed , he paid the bill and strolled out to the rural road , scanning the surroundings for something he could liberate unk_RB .
within seconds he was in a cab , scanning the surrounding street to ensure he was n't detected .
it took him ten seconds to find the wires in the ignition , and soon he was meandering down the familiar road that led to the don of miguels estate .
the landscape was still verdant and wild , introduced to the nature that was seemingly impatient to encroach a slim man in progress .
when he was a quarter mile through the turnoff to the ranch , he pulled an old truck with a dirt track that led to the wilds and parked where it had n't been seen on the road .
it was cool , february , so he barely broke into sweat as he moved effortlessly into the foliage .
he paused momentarily with the ears straining any hint of habitation , but he detected nothing .
the main house was deserted none of the security men everywhere when hed been living there .
no matter he did n't come through anything in the house .
he wanted to see his mentor , emilio , and of course , his daughter .
the young man continued around the perimeter and track until he reached the caretakers house that reposed several hundred yards through the woods .
he knew that it was a trail of hed only yesterday , a loosely placed flagstone , served in the driveway all too familiar to his feet .
surprisingly , he felt the anxiety buzz in the pit of his stomach as he neared the front door altogether alien sensation below him .
pausing on the front porch , he registered there was something different home the last time hed seen it , almost two years ago .
it seemed quiet , as though nobody was living there much at the main estate appeared in the distance .
there it sat unchanged , next to the small emilio unk_NN emilio bought jasmine his miguel 's miguel .
he moved back to the porch and knocked again .
open the door .
its unk_NN back , he yelled .
inside , he heard a faint rustling and then jasmines voice jasmines .
go away !
are you nothing here ?
open the door .
i need to talk to your father .
its important that he tried again .
hes dead .
everyones was dead .
my father , his sister and his mother were miguel .
theres me only left now , and i do n't want to see you .
just leave .
go now and stay away , warned jasmine .
how is that possible ?
whats happened since i left ?
tell me jasmine .
just open the door .
i did n't want to have this conversation with a slab of wood .
i just travelled over a thousand miles to see unk_UH jasmine .
im begging you .
i need to see you .
no , you do n't .
you left a word for anyone and now come to death in the valley , and left its only me alive , and you .
do yourself a favor , and now leave while you can , the jasmine will implored him .
if you did n't open the door break in .
do you know i will find a way ?
please , jasmine .
this had gone long enough .
the damned door is open , so we can speak to adults .
i need to know what , unk_CC i need your help , he finished hoping to stir appeal to her .
he could understand she did not want to see him , but there were too many unanswered questions about him to take no to answer .
the seemingly eternal pause rattled through the lock and the door creaked open .
it was dark in a small living room , pulled in all the drapes , he saw as jasmine padded bare feet back into the chair in front of the television and sat .
she was wearing a nightgown , even though it was noon close .
it was so dim that he could hardly make her out .
we can turn on to light or open the window .
i ca n't see my own hand in front of me .
unk_JJ , it was this comfortable .
this is my house now , so i can keep like i am in the way .
if you have a problem with it , leave , advised the monotone jasmine .
what the hell is going on here ?
even two years , people could n't change that much .
what happened ?
no problem .
do you want it in the dark , i like it dark ?
we start over .
tell me what happened to your father , emilio .
start the beginning .
i have n't had any news since i left .
i see you have a uniform .
is that what happened to you ?
you ran away and joined the navy .
thats classic .
a total clich , she exclaimed with a bitter laugh .
its a little more complicated than that .
but tell me about your father .
when you left , you got out just in time .
someone had executed miguel as well as one of his lieutenants , either that was the same day or day after .
i do n't really really remember so much happened so quickly .
anyway , nobody knew what to do and it was chaos here .
but the word traveled fast because before don ground for his rivals where fighting over how his empire was divided up .
it quickly escalated to the usual feud with blood and soon the streets of culiacans were littered with dead , explained jasmine .
the drug lord had disappeared into the chaos that followed no one much cared what happened to the boy .
and your father .
one night showed several trucks up in the house and we heard gunfire .
he had executed a few remaining staff with unk_NN , then he came to us .
my father had several guns and he tried to defend us and even killed three of altamars henchmen , but the end of it was nothing .
there were too many of them , and they shot him death out in front of the dog unk_NN .
unk_PRP was n't even in business .
he just ran to the horses and you raised her voice trailed off .
im so sorry jasmine .
ii do n't know what say nothing to say .
after killing him , they broke down the door , dragged my grandmother and auntie outside and shot them in the head .
good god !
unk_VB god escaped you , but i ca n't see you .
i tried to shoot them , but i was shaking too much and missed my first shot .
so then they came to meand history of unk_NN , she said flatly .
what happened to jasmine ?
can you tell me ?
he did n't know how to react in a horrible story and was afraid to hear the rest , but he could n't help himself .
what happened ?
what happened ?
nobody , here to protect me from you , gone , and my family killed .
they took turns raping me , what happened over and over half night .
i passed out and when i came to , they raping me more .
it went on for hours .
i know nothing i say , or make anything better .
but these men will find and punish them what they did for you .
pay , added interest .
just go .
i do n't want your help .
my life was over before it had a chance to really begin .
its not your fault , but i do n't want to see you ever again .
you remind me unk_RB , i had hope to listen to me .
theres still hope .
i know what happened horrible and you could stay forever , but always theres hope .
make this right , or at least your family will avenge and you , young promised man .
no , wo n't you ?
and no , no hope .
trust me .
