once he had worn trendy italian leather shoes and jeans , paris that had cost three hundred euros .
today , sami feet were bare and bleeding .
he wore tattered cotton pants stained on the floor of his cell and a simple white t-shirt .
even so , he still towered between the two guards on his side , tall and broad-shouldered .
a collective gasp rise , a myriad up dark eyes staring at him in the park and thought sami probably gathered people here today , who barely recognized him .
sami do n't mind .
the old sami was gone and he was a different person now .
a new sami was n't mind standing barefoot , dirty white , dirty ray-bans and beautiful women in his every move .
after a few minutes he was dressed in pure white , screaming at the name of one that made him able to sing the first place .
" c'mon .
i 'm sorry . "
the young sweaty guard who had death grip on sami arm named hourmazd .
" they 're waiting , " hourmazd reluctantly said .
" you have to come now . "
the sami felt his feet slap the hot soiled square in slow motion .
next to a chipped block of concrete chopping , the executioner waited in crisp black uniform and a aviator ray-bans , gripping the saudi arabian scimitar .
attention stood a few steps behind , two doctors in white coats , watching the proceedings .
one of them held gray dove tarp , folded with neat and square , this would be a sami body wrap .
none of the sami family had any intentions of burying their wayward in a relative in a christian manner .
for a moment whether his dead body laid the ground facing mecca , or not the last thing in sami mind .
several feet from one of one policemen shields peeped a pale face out through the nondescript veil of black chador .
she came .
sami heart surged through him and he stared at her taking last beauty he could ever see this place called earth .
he met her weeping eyes calmly , intensely , her not begging to cry and give herself away .
i can see you again , my sister .
and then , time for scanning up a solemn crowd , the hourmazd time and the other guard forced to his knees .
hot fingers grabbed his temple like a vise , twisting his head to one side , plastering one cheek on the icy concrete .
urgent hands still held him down , kneeling and realized sami he was facing the crowd , saw the ava looking up in heaven .
i married you .
sami swallowed and grazed apple his apple in abrasive stone .
we had gone away from germany or canada together .
you end up wide-hipped and disheveled all those children and i get bald and wrinkly .
but we sit together in the fireplace every night , our children , singing guitar and loving each other .
the ream of the black cloth descended in front of sami vision and cinched the hard knot of his skull .
the blindfold pressed his lashes tightly in his cheeks , leaving him blind , each beat of his heart echoing slowly through the darkness .
hands pressure on his head and disappeared back and an unearthly hush descended across the park .
the charges read him loud out on the list of things sami never imagine becoming .
the worship of satan began to mullah , pray loudly in arabic and waited for sami in his temple with the icy block .
the prison is warned he if he moved would miss the blade and he had n't killed the first scimitar fall .
dove alex cooed overhead .
pounding in his chest was the heart waited in the darkness , knowing that just more minute he could see the light .
karate gone 1 , bad ; she laid a guitar case on the smooth tree stump of the pines and cried knowing that the trees would only hear .
a few tears stopped she later , her face scrubbing her soft , tiered skirt , never one of the prolonged weeping .
she let her eyes run a battered case , balanced by the ancient offering stump , then opened carefully with dented clasps .
honey-colored taylor guitar was still nestled in emerald velvet .
noah , this is guitar .
the wara sniffed loudly and smiled , remembered him grinning at the stool in front of the caf , playing this guitar and singing his heart out .
she cradled taylor in her lap and began to pick her way a few chords .
it has been three months and it still hurt .
his arm was wara around when the bus went into the ravine , but she had thrown out the safety window .
noah had n't made it .
then she was here in montana , her parents living on the ranch of her childhood home .
bolivia missionary life was over in dreams , smashed the pieces of shattered glass of bus where noah died .
chapter new was about to begin and honestly , wara honestly did n't think she was ready .
staying here on the little bench sheltering from the circle of trees to the ranch , sounding better and better time after all .
a sharp crack sounded from the foliage .
the wara tensed and huddled under the comforting familiarity of the guitar , totally aware that her sound reaction was overkill .
this is the ranch after all .
squirrels and birds live in the trees that surrounded her , and yellowed that the leaves constantly crunching their way to the ground now swing full fall .
but the bus bolivia accident was kidnapped she and nearly killed by the muslim group that had bombed her bus .
so unexpected sounds made her little nervous .
that it was n't ok .
" holy cow ! "
she shrieked without meaning nearly dropping guitar on her toes .
because of all the sudden defying her expectations , a little noise end up a stray squirrel scuttling around in the trees , figure a solid male shadows emerged .
she fizzled the adrenaline , a vision full of a broad-shouldered man , mocha latte color wearing a black shirt and brown corduroys .
" holy cow ! "
she gasped again , less fear and more irritation , lacing her voice now .
the intruder was now in the shadows , holding up two tan hands in the gesture that meant to calm her down .
the dark curls hung from his collar was gone , but those clear hazel eyes were unmistakable .
all seven martir children had them .
wara . "
me , it , " he said , only adding more fuel to the storm of adrenaline and lashing annoyance at her insides .
a martir .
were here .
her house in montana .
the prism ex-leader of the group who tried to kill her .
he would bomb noah killed in the bus .
and then he left everything behind to save wara behind .
" you scared you beejeebers me ? "
she managed , feeling a scowl for herself .
she never imagined she could see him here .
sure bolivia they had both recruited a man named rupert at the work of an organization called ci .
wara had known she could see the alejo again next week when they set off an exploratory trip to make their final decision about working ci in the future .
but for goodness sake she was supposed to have still the weekend to deal with this before seeing the alejo again .
" what are you doing here ? "
she demanded .
yes , this was a friendly midwest but the wara recognized not the tiniest tiniest hint of her voice .
now she was just irate irate .
and was scared .
some of the spark of hazel alejo eyes faded .
last week " we said we should meet up the trip , since we both headed the same way .
and bolivia i said , i will find you .
and here you are .
" montana .
because alejo asked her to forgive him , they talked about the phone for a few minutes for every couple weeks , bolivia .
" you see , then soon " alejo said her cell a week ago .
" sorry , i-i exhaled , " wara slowly and closed her eyes .
they opened to alejo space crossing them tentatively , then offering a greeting hand .
they cheek-smooched mechanically , bolivian-style and cautiously took alejo alejo from the other extreme bench .
he looked younger , his hair shaved by the face that smoothed many of the tortured lines it had marked three months earlier .
the light of his eye flickered wara begging to let it come back to life as she promised him forgiveness for what he had done .
she would let the light live or blow it back out .
her heart hurt as she crossed her arms from the top of her gray henley and tried to hint a smile .
" i 'm sorry really .
i just just was n't expecting you . "
" i know , " twisted alejo lips to smile .
" i just thought i could drop by , so we could take the trip to morocco together .
i can carry your stuff .
and i ... uh ... thought i see where you live , maybe meet your parents . "
the of all of the wara fought with polite words , while nearly swallowing her tongue .
" meet my parents . "
she blinked hard at the alejo memory , first connecting her face , the sudden gravity as she spun dirt and collapsed .
alejo pressing the hunting knife into her throat and dragging her into the forest .
this guy is a killer !
brother and her best friend nazaret .
and insanely her possible future co-worker .
a little panicked , her gaze flitted from her little sanctuary in the trees , a cedar bench there as long as she could remember .
beyond , she had always known her childhood bedroom in the living room where she ripped open presents , the christmas room and drank coffee in a good novel .
" ok , " she blurted .
" my parents are n't here now though .
they still both work . "
" fine . "
alejo leaned back on the bench , seemingly content , just taking shades of changing autumn leaves .
wara suddenly felt smothered , faced with the prospect of the next several days of his company .
what in the world was they supposed to talk about ?
she eyed him sideways , but he just sat there in that zen-like tranquility , meditating in nature .
it was making her crazy .
" i 'm taking karate .
with your instructions , " she informed him just break the silence .
alejo eyes lit up in surprise and he tore his gaze from the nearly-naked trees .
" good .
alejo raised one eyebrow and grinned dangerously as he eyed the wara long plaid skirt .
" think you show me some of what you learned .
" that .
" why not ? "
wara frowned .
" right now .
like you fight ?
are you serious ? "
" sure .
i got ta see if you slacking . "
" besides , " the alejo tone quiet yet challenging .
" i do n't think you 'll turn down the chance to give me a few good kicks . "
suddenly he was on the bench and a few feet away from the feet planted firmly on the ground .
" c'mon , do n't be nice . "
" now , " alejo solemnly , grinning " i do n't want too mean to you , either since this is our first fight .
so , today , i was just going to use a beginner skills .
just show me what you got . "
that was the alejo sidestepped back to her around so fast she barely had time to register he going to try to grab her behind .
not ready .
wara eyes widened as she racked her mind what she was supposed to do in this situation .
she was going to classes every stinking day after all .
even if alejo told her to do karate make her feel better , worked it .
whacking and kicking things ended up in a very entertaining way to spend the last months there .
the correct kick flashed through her mind as she was already beginning to execute it by instinct .
she managed to twist away alejo just in time , feeling the thickness of his arms brush on her cheek .
ha ha !
apparently all hours of practice was paying off .
but now , her alejo is coming again , ready to take the swing in her head .
moving easily , the left wara ducked just in time , then rolled to the ground and shot a strong kick upward to the belly of the barely missing belly .
it appeared in her muscles , really stronger than all those hours spent at the karate okinawa studio .
" man ! "
he eyed her something she could almost call in appreciation .
" are you fast ?
you can hold me off for a while on those lightning kicks .
unfortunately , because i 'm bigger i 'll do this . "
before she even knew how it happened , he hauled her to her feet and had her in a near-by tree .
there was no way she could escape his weight and his steely grip on her elbows tightened painfully if she even attempted to move .
" no , no . "
she shrieked , feeling the rage of losing and powerlessness of not being able to do the thing for it .
it could blame on only a child , but hated wara losing .
" get me ! "
she grunted and flung backwards over her head just where she imagined the alejo eye socket .
she actually saw a few white stars as her skull connected with his face , but the satisfaction of hearing him swear more than his breath was more than it .
but that was her last move .
hold of her elbows tightened even more and alejo farther pressed her against the tree , his cheek plastered to hers .
" ok , you win , " she pronounced , speaking carefully to her lips , only centimeters from the bark of the tree .
" you did really really , though ? "
a alejo breath hiss in her ear was quite annoying .
" i 'll show you how to do this hold , i got your arms in .
someday , i hope you will be able to kick my rear into the fight , well if i have the flu well . "
wara glared , hoping he could see her scowl on the side as he pulled away from her and released hold of death in her arms .
a sharp crack sounded across the clearing .
wara gaze jerked upward , a flurry of dust and bark rained down on her head , a dull whap of the object slamming into her tree .
" down ? "
alejo growled in her ear .
her knees buckled as his weight slammed against her and they crashed to the ground .
her first thought was that it was a bullet .
someone was shooting at us .
alejo remained on top of her and she flipped her head to the source of the sound , a little more more .
alejo surreally whipped out the gun and into a position to shoot anything that came out of the sight of the trees .
but instead , another bullet , a low voice cut through the clearing .
" get away from her , or are you a dead man ?
next time i do n't miss . "
wara mind fuzzed over , unbelieving .
this was not happening .
alejo forearm tensed as the gun a lanky denim jacket man appeared to be a half-sheltered of the golden oak tree .
his eyes narrowed and he trained the unwavering shotgun in exactly a alejo head .
" do n't shoot ! "
wara , the man screamed , holding the gun .
" it 's ok .
do n't shoot ! "
she roughly elbowed the alejo in a sizzling chagrin face .
" get off ! "
she gasped .
" i could n't breathe .
he did n't shoot us it 's just my dad . "
moschell rachel met and her eduardo husband was married to bolivia cochabamba .
they have three adorable children and currently live in beautiful cochabamba .
rachelmoschell @ hotmail.com im not crazy .
now i hate one of the over-drama , but when i say all hell broke loose , im talking to fire and brimstone kinda hell .
with some quick first point of photo point , my friend isaac has taken the picture , we are climbing for nearly twelve hours and now roughly the 1500 feet from the floor of the valley .
we started up the face of the steep snow well before dawn , and looked at the day break into the skies clear and the light of the winds .
it was really a beautiful day .
mid-morning that had all changed .
the skies clouded over and brought it , the winds plummeting into the snow of temperatures and light .
no right biggie .
you could most mountaineers say a few flurries normally did n't increase the pucker factor .
i did n't go definition of the pucker factor but trust me , the high pucker factor really was good to not .
as it was , we were looking for low pf so i really was n't too worried but i could keep a watchful eye on deteriorating conditions .
shortly after that photo all hell broke loose .
the skies became angry and violent .
temperatures hovered at zero and the snow snow opened up a full blown blizzard .
has anyone every ice cube dropped back to your back ?
well , that was a welcome relief in the pile of snow .
fortunately , due to my superior intellect , i was able to recognize the repetitive event after only caught them five times .
before sixth dowsing in the snow , i pulled my hood over my head .
i know i know a pure genius .
simple and my plan isaacs the climb .
once we reached that snow , it was easy ( but dangerous ) , climbing the summit was easy .
no right problemo .
or so we thought ?
i have to admit .
by the time we were making that traverse the diamond , i was tired .
i had n't worked with my conditioning as well as i was wearing prior climb and higher elevations really me out .
to make matters worse , i ca n't bring enough food or water so my energy reserves are pretty low .
to my relief , isaac led to traverse while i hung back and paid out the rope .
i hung a large block that sheltered me from spindrift avalanches above , while i watched isaac pick his way across the cliff .
with a little little he alternated his hands and feet as he moved sideways , relying on hand and footholds hold him on the steep cliff .
hanging there cold , the winds howled .
i feel energy draining my body for a minute .
i shivered uncontrollably now and shook out each hand to knock some warmth back to them .
the time seemed to move so slowly as i watched isaac traverse that cross .
every so often isaac placed a piece of climbing the gear of rocks and threaded the rope around it .
if he fell , hed only drop the length of climbing gear at 1500 instead of feet below .
halfway to traverse isaac stopped .
he was now at the point called couloir a notch .
couloir break into a wide notch on the cliff , ran nearly top of the mountain .
it was far less steep , and if it were viewing the distance , it was even considered a mini-valley carved on the top of the cliff .
i watched isaac statue stand far out in front of me .
he did n't move .
he did n't look up .
he did n't look around .
he just stared straight ahead .
come on sally .
some balls and move grow .
im freakin freezen here , i remember thinking myself as i watched him stand idly by .
just then , the white world went to me .
an enormous spindrift careened an avalanche off the cliff face of me and completely blocked my isaac view .
holy mackeral , i yelled out , only i ca n't say mackerel .
no , that lot of snow , sir , enough to fill up a couple of very large houses .
i felt taut to go with the rope and pulled hard to take up the slack .
i was scared .
i could feel the feeling was sickening in the pit of my stomach as i envisioned isaac swept over the cliff with an avalanche .
moment later , as last as the snowy dust floated on by , i could see him .
there was still standing where i saw him last .
only the rope had gone taut due to the weight of the snow as it rushed it .
isaac was not swept away .
dude , you see that .
i yelled out isaac , but he never heard me .
i saw isaac look up to a notch couloir then shuffle quickly across .
facing the mountain , he moved his right foot to his right , then moved his left foot over to match it .
repeated and over , isaac repeated , shuffling cliff sequence as he continued to stare up at the top .
as he moved , i paid out the rope , holding him in case he lost his footing and slipped off the edge of the cliff .
i was his lifeline , but i had no idea if i could hold his weight in the event of the fall .
watching him cross , i looked down at the full length of the cliff with the 1500 foot .
we are high .
due to the deteriorating conditions , we needed to move faster and place less than the protection route gear to fall .
i felt damned scared , but my fears were buried and concentrated on my job .
moments later , isaac made it to the other side of the snowy slope .
suddenly i heard a loud whooosh .
isaac was gone again .
i pulled hard the rope and locked off my belaying device .
then i saw it in the snow , falling .
mother , all spindrift avalanches , creating a white cloud of snow rushed down through the snowy face and cliff .
oh , crap .
i remember saying my mind , but again i do n't say the crap .
i braced myself again , with a tug i figured isaac .
seconds later , the rope went slack .
the snow was out clear , isaac was , still clinging to the rocks on the other side of the snow slope , and he was grinning in ear to ear .
duuude you see that .
isaac yelled from the cliff face to me .
the rush of beating the tempest had his adrenaline pumping .
i see he was scared , invigorated yet .
ok , man , youre up next , he yelled out at me .
a sick feeling swept over me .
it was indeed my turn to run the gauntlet .
i looked at me in a futile attempt to avoid the inevitable , but finally isaac yelled back over to me again .
duuude you got ta hurry .
lets go , he yelled out at me with deep impatience in his voice .
quickly i dismantled anchors , holding me the mountain , and started my way to the rock and the snowy cliff .
with a hand in hand , i reached anything i could grab , each time checking double taking that isaac up slack .
the rocky face was cold , and now a dusting of snow light had it .
my thin polypropylene gloves are great , when the temps forties , but now the temps hovering around zero , rendering the gloves almost useless .
my fingers were so cold they were cramping as i reached my next handhold .
i now become increasingly worried ; i was n't going to be able to hold on much longer .
my survival instincts kicked in and i was dug deep .
i moved quickly and deliberately , but awkward lunges continually held me in balance .
my heart is pumping and i feel the building with anxiety as i closed the distance , the snowy slope to my right .
a minute later , as giving my hands out , i made my final step along the snow slope where i fell forward and rested .
good job dude , now couloir cross i heard isaac yell at me as i lay and rested .
as if in a state of dream , i heard him yell at me and you got time in avalanches .
i yelled out in disbelief .
up for that moment , i do n't realized the amount of snow falling .
at some point out on that cliff , snow in intensity increased heavy to be savage .
the snowflakes were large and accumulating at the rate of nearly two feet per hour .
that much unstable snow of us was rolling spindrift avalanches now down couloir couloir every fifteen seconds .
crossing 50 feet wide , couloir take that fifteen all in seconds if you moved fast .
if you do n't be disastrous as a result .
that much snow can easily sweep you off and down the cliff .
perfect , i remember saying myself .
no sooner than i wisecracked , i watched barreling snow wall down at me as it roared in the snow , the slopes of the narrow valley above .
quickly , i dug my hands and feet into the snow and hung on .
i watched only a moment , just then the impact , i buried my head down on my shoulders and braced myself with a terrifying wave of snow .
first , the snow flowed from me to a gentle stream of water , but that did n't last long .
a split second later , i felt a full snow wall force raged around the top of me .
it taunted me , laughed me , mocked my insignificant strength as it pushed and dragged me lower to my dug-in position .
nooo , i remember screaming in my mind as my feet broke free of the solid land and space floated .
edge i was going on the cliff , the edge of the cliff perched on the 1500 feet of the world .
this is really going to suck .
suddenly , all that went was quiet .
as quickly as the avalanche came , it went .
i immediately crawled higher and leapt to my feet .
i gave a cursory glance at the edge of the cliff just inches from me , then over isaac .
he was smiling at the duuuude , you almost cratered a man .
he yelled at me .
then he added , lets go now .
i knew i had only seconds until the next wave of snow came .
hard isaac pulled the rope , snapping me in my foggy state and i started off the open snow slope .
the snow was now deep in almost my knees and i dug deep into my reserves into the heavy mess plow .
forty feet thirty feet from twenty feet , i powered the slope of the steaming locomotive , focusing only onmy destination .
i saw isaac look upward and i knew its disaster was a way .
harder and more determined , i plowed the last feet of the feet .
twenty feet from ten feet then i heard a roar of a wave above .
i looked up and saw the next roiling snow wall as it charged down the slope of the snow .
suddenly , i felt a hard jerk of my jacket only it was n't above it sideways .
isaac reached out , grabbed my jacket and hauled me to safety .
dude , man , you almost a pretty cool statistic , huh ?
isaac yelled at me with an avalanche of avalanche .
yeah , cool , i replied grimly .
isaac was set up by anchor bomber system and for a moment i felt fairly secure .
i looked over at isaac and he was now looking for the rock wall behind us .
ok , man , we got to climb up this rocky face , then step around the diamond corner .
thats where it gets a little sketchy .
well do that short pitch of rock , then off that step and the snow slope above .
ok , sound .
i remember isaac asking me .
yup , i replied , dryly gritted teeth .
what are we thinking ?
what is the freakin diamond on the longs peak in the middle of winter , are we insane ?
whats the diamond you ask ?
only the mother of all rock faces in colorado .
its nearly 2000 sheer feet and overhanging rock only the best attempt and most skilled for the climbers to climb .
fortunately , we are only planning on doing the last very fifty feet of it .
at least that was a plan .
that last section was supposed to be climbing relatively easy , but now it was dark getting , and the snows really were accumulating on rocky surfaces we depending on handholds .
hold me i want to check out the diamond , said isaac with me .
i paid out the rope as he worked lower his way to the edge of the cliffs .
once there he grabbed a handhold rocky and extended himself out to drop the 1500 foot off .
he looked down for a moment then his left survey the upper face we were to climb about .
he stared at it with what felt like eternity .
i shouted out the howling winds .
isaac pulled himself back to the land and worked his way back up to me .
no way , it was a man happening aint happening .
that whole face is covered in snow , said isaac .
we got ta find another way up .
any suggestions ?
yeah , t # my pants , then use my ice axes to climb up the snowy mess in front of us , i suggested .
isaac looked up at the wall of rock snow and ice wall that stood between us and the upper snow slope higher than twenty feet .
if we just get it , the summit is only more than a few hundred feet climbing easy in the snow .
isaac turned to me and said ok , go sh # tting of your pants for .
i done # sh tting you got me , i replied dryly .
i took out my ice axes , lanyards looped my wrists and approached the mess in front of me .
those who do n't know what the axe is under ice , pick it miniature of the axe .
you swing a pick on ice and pull the handle to climb higher .
its simple like that .
i brushed the heavy snow off the rocks and searched for a handhold .
as i placed my hand on the nice surface of the blocky it quickly slid off .
the ice thin layer of ice now glazed the rocks surfaces .
it was no use .
using my hands alone just was n't going to work .
undaunted , i decided to use to pick my ice , axes , try to climb higher .
i placed the front point in a tiny crack and pulled hard .
it held .
i pulled the axe handle and moved higher as isaac paid out the rope .
this was scary climbing ( the pucker factor ) was 8 pf .
the axes of the ice used a thick ice , where the front point of axe sinks on deep ice , you giving secure hold .
now , my points of axes , in front , could only held rock in the gravity of shear .
if i moved in the wrong way they would just pop off the rock and id fall not good .
i moved up a few feet from the outer corner where the blocky face was met above by the diamond face .
gingerly , i placed my axes into the glazed rocks and pulled hard trying to get them to stick .
i then peered out the corner .
isaac was right .
that diamond was literally covered in snow .
i looked up at the corner , i was now climbing .
a few feet higher , it appeared that the blocky texture was more became and the climb was easier .
the problem was that id have to straddle the corner of one leg on the face of the blocky and other than the diamond face .
id literally been hanging from the 1500 feet from the valley floor , only the tiny points of my axes .
got me ?
i yelled at isaac as the winds .
isaac had seen fear in my eyes .
he smiled encouragingly and yelled , ok. my churned stomach as i looked down at the falling snow .
it was almost dark and i could barely see large blocks of snow on the valley floor far below .
my hands sweated , even while they froze the axe handles .
i was scared , damned scared .
pf i reached 10 up and scraped off some snow of me , looking good placement .
feeling around , i located a tiny crack and slipped the axe point into it .
as i weighted it , i moved my right foot out into the face of diamonds .
half my body hanging out 1500 over feet in the air , i am now straddling the hairy edge of my raging fear .
i do n't want to look down , i wo n't really .
something in my subconscious mind does n't allow me to do it .
suddenly , the wild blast of arctic wind slammed into my body , rocking me in my stance .
my feet skidded momentarily then one popped into its placement .
quickly i found another hold on foot , but then again , another gust of wind slammed into me knocking on both feet loose .
in an instant , i was dangling now from my ice axes on the 1500 foot cliff , swinging wildly in the wind .
fear roiled at me .
i lost my breath as i frantically searched my feat for any type of purchase .
fumbling freaking and fatiguing , i was running the strength and running time .
i needed a miracle .
another gust broadsided me .
my left axe wobbled and its feeble placement popped .
oh , my god !
i remember saying myself .
this is it .
this is how im going to die .
i felt another tug then .
isaac had anticipated my fall and now doing his best to reel what little rope slack he could find .
i felt my body lunge sideways at him .
he was nearly pulling me off the cliff .
as i flailed in the air , i made a desperate attempt to hook my axe in anything in the hold .
isaac tugged again and drew me out of the corner .
i reached the face of the blocky and i scrambled to my feet to find something to stand on below .
suddenly , my foot found something like a tiny nob nob .
i stepped into it and pushed immediately hard , forcing me closing isaac .
for a moment , it held then it n't did .
i sprung on the cliff once more , dangling again , thrashing wildly in the wind .
i feel veins in my neck pulsating in savage fear .
what felt like seconds mere hours , but it was enough to drain me with all mental and physical strength .
i could barely hold any longer .
isaac tugged hard .
i made another desperate lung in my free hand .
the axe caught the edge and stuck .
my feet found a stance .
for a moment , it was over .
i found the respite .
somehow isaac hauled me to the diamond face , pulled me out of the corner , and i was now standing a few feet from him to face the blocky above .
without breath and my mind jump , i jump backward and dropped the snow , next isaac slope .
i collapsed into my tiny crater and rested .
duuude to watch out the man with an avalanche .
isaac hollered out .
moving alone with instinct , i rolled my stomach and dug my frozen hands into the deep snow as i planted my boots on me .
i buried my face in the snow and waited .
a thick , violent wave rolled over top of me , stood firmly isaac and held me a rope .
i fought hard in my position but no match for the forces of nature .
little very strength left i ripped from my position and dragged the down-slope to the edge of the cliff .
abruptly my slide came to a stop until the snow fought to push me further .
i felt a wave of avalanche dissipate and i looked up to investigate my predicament .
there stood standing clenched teeth , isaac stood .
his arms were outstretched , he hauled back the rope and prevented my slide off the cliff .
you just going to lay there lollygagging all night ?
isaac shouted in the wind .
quickly i jumped to my feet and plowed into the deep snow , ascending a short distance behind us .
so what do you think ?
wan na give it another shot ?
asked isaac , grinning from ear to ear .
if i was n't so tired , id kill you right now .
so what ?
now youre gon na be wuss-out when so close to the summit .
teased isaac .
yes , i replied bluntly .
lets good call , hell get here , responded isaac in a grave tone .
at that point i was too tired to do anything but belay him back down the snow slope .
the darkness had finally come and the snows were raging now , reducing visibility to near the conditions .
isaac ascended the slope higher and waited for the next avalanche to pass through .
even before the rush dissipated , he started off the other side .
i paid out the rope with a frozen finger as he plowed his way into the deep snow .
forty feet thirty feet , isaac moved with determination .
he was nearly a halfway mark when i heard him scream the wind .
hold me !
just then , isaac caught an avalanche .
the blizzards intensity was heightened , even greater snow amounts dumping the upper regions of us .
the snow snow created spindrift , avalanched a greater quantity and ferocity .
isaac jumped to the ground and burrowed in as quickly as he could , but it was too late .
the snow wave rolled past him , knocking him backward and dragging him along the mountain .
hold me hold of me .
i heard him scream out , now barely audible twenty feet from him .
i pulled hard and watched in desperation as he continued to slide on the edge of the cliff .
his slid isaac rolled his stomach and pounded his hands and feet in the snow trying desperately to anchor himself down the slope .
downward , he slipped over twenty feet of fifteen feet to the edge of ten feet from the cliff .
his boots seemed mere feet from going over .
the wave slowed , so did the descent isaacs .
he jumped up and tried to swim higher up the slope .
seconds later , he jumped back down once more and buried his limbs in the snows of him .
i pulled hard on the rope , holding him inevitable .
a malevolent entity , again that snow raged around the top of him , was threatening to him , punishing him in his mountain presence .
as isaac fought in his life , he began his downward , slide off the cliff .
fifteen feet ten feet five feet .
i watched in horror as his feet broke into the snow crust that defined the edge of the cliffs .
isaacs feet now dangling the air .
the man swimming through the mighty rapids of river isaac flailed his arms and nudged his knees higher .
then , as quickly as the avalanche struck , it was gone .
isaac leapt to his feet and lunged for the snows as he fought his way to the far side of the snow slope .
is he safe ?
its the cake walk .
your turn dude !
isaac yelled from the other side .
gods , nature smiled down at me .
i timed avalanches correctly , and sprang to snow-slope like a gazelle .
i remember the look of relief in isaacs eyes as i stepped past him , barely making it avalanche next to the series .
nice night , walk , eh ?
he asked , lovely , i replied in a pleasant tone .
the next five hours of isaac and i worked our way back to the mountain , then down the long and steep snow slope lead to the floor of the valley .
fortunately for us , the blizzard had slowed quite a bit and spindrift avalanches , but disappeared .
by the time we got back to our camp , it was midnight .
we were climbing almost 20 hours straight .
ive told this story before and usually receive same reactions , head shakes and verbal standard remonstrations why do you do that ?
are you freakin crazy ?
well , all i have to say is that the crazy man is n't dangled of solitary ice axe at the 1500 feet of the ground , petrified by comprehension .
nope , go , crazy , let crazy .
im not crazy .
ps , later my years isaac , tangled in another avalanche while climbing alone .
sadly , he never made it out alive .
thanks reading .
if you enjoyed a short story from above , please read the sample chapters of a tear ( time tear ( torn ) .
never again could see the world past as they remembered as one death would change the worlds destiny forever .
eight-year-old lena williams raced back and forth across the worn lawn as she chased the tiny moths hidden themselves around the grass blades .
with each swipe in her hand , she expertly snatched the tiny white targets in midair then released them back in the world safely .
oh , yeah .
trae you see that .
asked lena proudly .
damn le like youre something or something trae , replied ninja .
beaming with pride , replied lena too bad mom could n't see my skills .
shes working with le .
shell be home for a couple hours .
maybe you can show her then , answered .
moms always working , said lena disapprovingly then added too bad we do n't have sharices dad for the next door .
then mom could stay home too .
le have you dad ?
he just did n't come around no more and sharices mom did n't work shes lazy cause , trae replied as delicately as he knew how .
the running lena stopped and sat down next to trae .
do you ever see your trae dad ?
asked lena sincerely .
not for a long time .
not since before he went into prison .
that was before you were born , replied .
oh , lena simply said .
you miss im .
he was n't around much even before he was sent up , answered .
well , i miss my dad , lena , lena .
damn le you never even seen im before .
how do you even miss im ?
miriam blurted out a quick reaction .
i just do sure traeim he misses me too , replied lena .
trae knew his sister was hurting her fathers rejection .
hoping to take her mind from her pain , he searched anything to distract her .
hey , le check out those moths on the street over .
bet you do n't catch em all , trae said with a challenging smirk .
bet i can , replied lena lena .
immediately , the lena sprang to her feet and darted around the edge of the road , both sweeping air hands as she lunged more moths .
trae watched her for a moment , then became distracted by the older buick of faded paint drifted slowly by a stop sign the beginning of their street .
at first , the long length of the time spent a stop sign was made the old sedan made a conspicuous sight .
more of his attention was focused on the car .
something just was n't right .
he squinted hard as he tried to see the darkened tinted windows , but it was no use .
the occupants of the mystery remained .
trae began to feel uneasy .
the old buick was literally parked to stop what a sign , now felt like an eternity .
he glanced over at lena then back to the suspicious car .
the knot in the pit of his stomach began to grow .
le come here for a minute , trae said in a nervous tone .
just a minute of trae .
i almost caught em all , replied lena , indifferent by her world .
trae saw the brakes release from old buick , then quickly stop again , almost as if in accident .
he looked up the street to see if the vehicle was intended pulling on out but reconsidered due to another passing car .
strangely , there were no other vehicles in sight .
lena come here , said trae .
trae use her hearing full name , lena and stared at her brother for a moment .
she could see a peculiar look spread across his face as he turned back to the mysterious buick .
whats the matter trae ?
lena asked innocently .
that was there for a while cars .
maybe you can go in the house for a minute , replied trae , now feeling the anxiety for the moment .
ahhh , lena sounded out in protest .
i do n't want to go inside .
its just a trae car .
besides , i take care of myself , stated lena proudly .
uh , huh , sure , you just get the house , responded trae bluntly .
just one more m. lena began but the short cut the revving of the buicks engine .
lena , damn house , get now .
reid shouted loudly .
suddenly aggressively the old buick released its brakes and stormed out of the corner .
squealing of tires and billowing car smoke as the old sedan charged up the street towards them .
oh , no trae , murmured himself , almost in sobbing tone .
little time to react was trae to his feet sprang and hurried to his sister .
paralyzed lena lena confusion .
she knew something was wrong , but too young and naive to fully understand the actions of the traes .
horror watched as the dark tinted windows began to lower .
in seconds , his worst fears realized the occupants , their guns extended out the windows .
the deafening sound came from their automatic weapons to life .
as the bolts of white light streaked the ends of the gun barrels trae lena lena knocking her to the ground .
he instinctively rolled top of her to protect her from the hail of bullets tore over the ground around them .
a faded buick roared past the trae and lena motionless lay on the front lawn , unable to their minds and bodies to react .
the slow time seemed to trae , almost count of bullets as they exited the guns .
one one of each bullet miraculously missed it , mark .
the trae looked into his sisters eyes .
she would not hit .
suddenly he realized they were both alive and made it shooting the drive-by .
trae quickly leapt to his feet , pulling up to lena him .
the sight spread which was still two alive was a quickly driver of the car .
for an instant , he slammed his brakes and brought the old buick to a quick halt .
throwing it into reverse , he immediately roared backward onto the street and lena street .
seconds later , the driver of brakes slammed once more and brought a heavy vehicle to a quick stop .
the lena grabbed waist and sprang to the edge of the road .
like a gazelle of gazelle , he bounded across the front lawn with amazing speed and agility as his adrenaline pumping in full capacity .
a faded buick came to a stop open all its doors flung and four young men exited the vehicle quickly .
with their guns still drawn , they wasted no time in continuing their task .
leaped to the top step on his front porch and felt a sharp razor-like strike for the object to his left side .
before the bullet register even first , the second bullet was struck him on the right shoulder , rendering his arm useless .
instantly , the porch lena dropped trae her collapsing .
an eerie quiet neighborhood spread , the four thugs reloaded .
knowing this is their only hope for survival , trae crawled through the front door and tried to wrap his fingers around the lower corner .
with his hand covered with blood , they slipped off the edge of the door .
le get to stay in the house , trae , low , ordered .
the lena was scared and crying her brother lay , unable to move .
get lena lena now .
trae shouted .
im scared of lena lena .
block you .
go now up to hurry .
reid confidently assured .
reluctantly , nodding quickly lena stood up and pulled the front door open as trae moved to her shield of four nearby men .
instantly the roar of bullets unleashed a swath through the destruction in front of the house , breaking the windows and knocking the siding shingles .
as the lena began to enter the house , the traes of another bullet entered back , knocking him forward , the door lower , closing it momentarily with lenas body .
his side rolled and dropped down the porch deck once more .
lena cried out with fear and disbelief .
get lena inside .
now go !
trae said , his voice was now barely audible .
no , i can help you , lena determination replied .
before trae could protest the lena reached down and grabbed him by his shirt .
she pulled all her trae pushed to his feet .
suddenly , lena lena exhaled abruptly and a guttural moan sounded like a bullet that struck her in the chest .
immediately she slumped to the ground , then rolled over the top of the trae .
both victims down ran four thugs back to the waiting car and sped off .
once again , an eerie quiet swept in the neighborhood neighborhood , one neighbors ventured out warzone .
further south the mountain mountain stood dr. phineas on his wooden deck .
sadly , he checked his watch with 10:30am .
for a moment of solemn respect , he uttered a few simple words to forgive me for lena .
save your death for thousands .
turning away , he stared out into the city and spoke .
tumbling dominoes on destiny now , godspeed , david .
flowing south placidly at the city , the river touched the edge of civilization , then abruptly changed course and headed north , the mountain past signal .
sitting patiently in elevated boulder , the young boy hung his makeshift pole fishing in the water in an attempt to catch his breakfast .
looking around the city he could see tall smoke stacks emitted from evidence of men toiling at work .
the light blew a gentle breeze into the valley of high plains grasses , carrying it a fragrance of fresh cut hay and wildflowers .
the breeze brushed his face , filling his tiny nostrils with the scent of nature and sending the warm contentment to his body as the sun shined down at him .
he reveled in his independence as he envisioned the other boys suffering from school while he enjoyed his truancy day .
the city limits will bend the sharpest river , a small force of confederates guarded the main dock and unload supplies is prepared .
in the morning sun in the regimental captain direction , the men formed a human chain that led the boat through the horse-drawn wagons .
with a hand in hand , they passed goods and ammunition , one soldier in the next sequence , until the final soldier was arranged and the supplies were stacked neatly back to the wagon .
at this day of day , the sun sat lower in a cloudless sky , temperatures warming to comfortable seventy degrees .
if it had not been their thankless duty duty , the soldiers normally enjoyed balmy climate .
when the wagon filled completely , the driver snapped the reins of the team of horses and started off their encampment , whereupon the next line driver took his place loading .
dock swept a local merchant with an elevated wooden walkway in front of his general store .
at the rear entrance , the young man helped the heavy load sacks and other supplies to the waiting wagon delivered by the local resident .
on the further boardwalk the blacksmith and livery was hard at work attending the community needs , as well as those of the confederate officers entrusted with their belongings in their care .
the main thoroughfare between the secondary and tertiary dotted the tiny houses dotted the roads leading into town .
unsuspecting and mostly indifferent to the violent world of their borders , they went with their lives contented with their own daily struggles .
a - lay hidden by - - the opposite side of the river was hidden in the dense thicket and underbrush lay several companies of the union sharpshooters , wait .
quietly and undetected , they moved to the rivers edge in sneaking protection into the darkness .
perfectly concealed , they laid on their stomachs and waited for their signal .
they watched in anxious fascination , confederates on the opposite side of the river , who worked to unload their supplies delivered .
with their rifles aimed at their targets , they whiled time by calculating windage and elevation .
the time seemed to slow as they waited for their death signal .
two hundred yards away , they were well aware of their ability to hit their mark .
spread out on the shoulder of the shoulder , they presented menacing sight .
wait seemed to go on forever .
shifting their weight from side to side , they tried to alleviate their discomfort .
their arms and legs fell asleep , they shook them out , the blood recirculating of their extremities , feeling gaining their hands and feet once again .
a few unlucky insects presented more to the distraction for the lack feeling through their limbs .
regularity in ants returning to their nest , their passage blocked the hulking mass blue .
the investigation of ants had angrily attacked any bare skin , biting and pinching a futile attempt to drive the enemy .
their feeble assault was met with equal aggression as the soldier swatted and crushed by his irritating attackers .
enemy their time .
quietly waiting in the underbrush , each soldier pondered his own fate .
away from the foothills at the edge of the river , the union artillery waited for their gen. james orders from the negley .
his horse was barrel-chested high and confident , he posed an impressive figure .
he sat pensively and observed the scene below .
lifting his spyglass with his eye , he continued to look for weakness and opportunity .
in the authoritative voice he was redirected from the cannons down to the line of specific targets as he developed his impromptu battle plan .
the union soldiers manned their artillery stations ; they looked out across the valley as the confederate soldiers drilling formation in a far open field opposite side of the river .
several cannons were already directed at them , but a quick nod of his head ordered negley for additional cannon support at that location .
the feeling somewhat detached from the impending doom confederates , they obeyed their orders and aimed indifferently at deadly weapons in the center of the field .
standing with their designated cannon , each soldier mentally prepared himself for battle .
from their elevated position and protected by the river , they all felt relatively safe for that safer below their comrades at the river .
they survived the battles of previous years and well be seasoned in their trade .
they knew there would be casualties but felt relatively sure the element of surprise was fairly one-sided one-sided .
they looked down at their comrades who crept up the edge of the river just at dawn .
the sense of sadness and anxiety had come over them knowing that they were out of harms way .
any retaliation , rebel forces , start them .
the thickets was well-hidden , confederate soldiers have a tough time distinguishing in exact locations of each union soldier .
the confederates hear the sound of union rifles and fire in that direction .
most of the blue boys were lucky and the wild escape and harried lead volleys .
some would not .
the previous 6th june day , dr. jeb was prepared for one of the supply wagons , the makeshift operating table in preparation for the impending battle .
as a commissioned medical officer of the regular union army , he held rank of captain .
the military was serving most of his life , he was no stranger to the horrors of the bring warfare .
his experience on the battlefield was extensive that the 1846-1848 mexican-american war had served with various indian campaigns and now in the states .
dr. morgan was short stout than an older sixty man , a full head of white hair , a long white flowing beard and piercing blue eyes .
far from the front line of the front , the doctor searched a suitable location to operate .
in the protected grove of birch trees , he found a large flat area of the lush green grass .
ordinarily , dr. preferred protected confines of houses and barns , commandeered for private citizens at the onset of battle .
chattanooga battle started to location , far removed from civilization in order to preserve the element of surprise , have a wooded clearing to suffice .
the previous day while the gen. prepared for negley by his battle plan , dr. morgan scoured the foothills of the mountain signal on horseback .
as he rode up the rolling terrain became less dense and vegetation , less dense allowing him to catch glimpses of the city .
leveling off , he rode through the forest of white birch weaving a path of denser areas until he found clearing.immediately , he recognized the qualities to find .
he deduced a small field would allow a bright light to operate by , and the trees on the clearings edge would provide shade comfortable comfortable as they recovered .
it was n't perfect , but he felt he worked the conditions worse while fighting west .
this would certainly be more tolerable as long as held in good weather .
after locating the medical encampment , dr. morgan quickly summoned the wagon to used the operating gurney and prepared his instruments .
the canopy was removed , he neatly arranged his supplies on the right side the side-bracing wooden length .
out of arms arms he placed his instruments first in the basin and canteen of the water next , then batting the cotton and other last bandages .
at the wagon head he arranged necessary supplies for such chloroform , bandages and morphine in the powder form as well as opium analgesic .
with surgeries in place surgeries , he rejoined the front lines , offering his assistance where he could , the assistant leaving the watch for their makeshift hospital in his absence .
the following day the june dr. day june early woke restful night sleep , one of the many aimed city cannons .
he offered the tent for accommodation , but declined a special privilege to electing it was the rough of the cannon instead of putting the others out .
the selfless man he figured boys fighting and dying , at least granted a small pleasure for the comfort of the tent .
for the years of adapting to rigors the warfare , he learned to sleep , wherever he laid his head .
at dawn , a new morning , created a cool dew soaked in the unprotected parts of his body , mainly his legs and boots producing mild discomfort .
8:30am dried his clothing completely out and he focused on his day duties .
filling up hardtack with a hard cracker cracker and some water , he administered various remedies to the soldiers who reported the sick call while he ate .
dr. morgan was a compassionate and sympathetic man of the older , but tough nonetheless .
there was his private philosophy , " if you walk , ill fight you . "
despite his accomplished duties at the moment , dr. morgan ordered dr. morgan to his station with a reverent nod .
no words exchanged .
they were both seasoned as the military men understood each other implicitly .
a respectful salute turned to the doctor and walked between the soldiers readying themselves for their own stations .
he could now see the woeful anxiety on their faces as he made his way past , and he flashed them into a courteous smile , trying to ease their worry .
the fire - - - fire - .
his sword lifted from the exalted position of his head , negley roared in order to commence the firing .
loud and the great authority , he repeated his simple command , over and over as he rode up the line .
instantly , his men responded , and fuses lit their cannons .
the violent demons came to life cannons as they reported a thunderous roar , shaking the ground behind them .
the well-trained soldiers began their work .
three groups loaded one with powder and wadding , one loaded with shell or a heavy ball and a third lit charge .
they were machine working in perfect sequence and timing to efficiently deliver the enemy with their deadly payload .
the valley below became awake .
a loud cannon fire above signaled the sharpshooters below to unleash their own deadly volley of destruction .
in reflex , they pulled their triggers and sent a tiny , yet deadly lead pieces of their individual paths of doom as they quickly reloaded their weapons with practiced speed .
they had only a second to think .
a startled jolt of town and confederate soldiers tried both stood in place in their minds , quickly process of disbelief at their forthcoming death .
unable to move , they heard the air whistle as projectiles hurled them .
with those of their volley backs waited and listened as the whistle quickly grew louder in a thunderous rush of air .
the fate and misfortune collided with so did a shell and flesh .
the group of drilling confederate soldiers hit the first volley on its mark with deadly accuracy .
one unlucky private watched in horror as the shell found its mark in the chest of the unlucky companion marching in front of him .
shell tore his uniform , flesh and ribcage instantly sensed him even the mechanisms of internal shell sensed the pressure of the impact .
a great explosion was fragmented , a canister with thousands of tiny projectiles , completely disintegrating the whole existence of the soldiers .
there would be no burial for him as not there was not the remnant left of his body .
continuing their way , the fragments of shell exploded now from their next victim , a soldier watching .
hot pieces tore the metal pieces from his body , it severed his extremities as well as molten metal in his own chest .
lucky a few who escaped the initial impact , ruptured a shockwave of explosion , their eardrums , disorienting them and rendering them useless .
the other shells exploded and stunned helpless soldiers , the same gory results affected by the devastating loss of the entire company .
the waterfront of confederate soldiers unloading supplies that the same fate met with their drilling comrades .
shells fell into them , exploding thousands of fragments and tearing their bodies , killing the closest to impact while impairing and others maiming further away from the epicenter .
cries were heard in agony as they fell .
the union sharpshooters unleashed their shot from the shot , the lead balls that sailed through the air like awful shrill , telegraphing their intentions .
collapsing on the ground many screamed out in agony , clutching their bleeding wounds in a desperate attempt to relieve the pain of death quickly overcame them .
the others lay in torment in shock as hypovolemic quickly enveloped their bodies at the loss of blood .
all of the city , that first barrage of munitions , would damage devastating devastating .
not only was the confederate targeted encampment that loading docks along the river were the offices of the telegraph stables at the livery and blacksmith shops also had targeted .
anything used to further the confederates cause is targeted for the first volley of union fire .
in the first discharge discharge union rifles and cannons sounded another round quickly , followed by a third and fourth volley .
the next round of union sharpshooters lay more confederates , dead and wounded , but this volley came pinpointing that unions exact positions .
orders to aim low , the confederates returned to fire in the lower banks of the river .
just as the confederates defensive , the union soldiers now and scrambled for a moment is regrouping in the smaller fighting force .
the union command limits out to the city was loaded into the confederates with several cannons .
tucked away into a grove of tall oaks , the protection of the elements they easily missed their opposing force .
quickly the three-man teams loaded their cannons and took careful aim on the union battery .
with the command to fire will , the confederates opened up the union forces staged in the foothills of the mountain mountain .
visibility reduced drastically to the repeated cannon fire , struggled to union forces , see targets .
by time the union artillery brigade saw heavy smoke with a confederate volley it was too late .
instantly , the thousands of fragments traveled to the point of impact , and found their victims first of two union soldiers stood between the two cannons .
in the blink of the eye , their bodies absorbed most of the fragments , nearly obliterating any proof of their existence .
blood and bone splattered the two cannons , the horrific characteristically pattern of death and destruction .
a second later , two more canisters were roared first , two these split bluff impacting the cannoning just below the union cannoning .
although projectiles embedded the earth and exploded , their destructive intention was not denied .
the crash of the tree as it hit the ground went unnoticed by the union forces , their destructive force turned to cloud confederate smoke far out from the chattanooga .
with a wave of his sword , negley bellowed the order , the silence of the cannons at the far edge of the town .
quickly three teams jockeyed their cannons , confederate fading smoke calculated at the angle of the trajectory and lit their charges .
as the cannons repositioned life came from their muzzles spewed from the smoke fire and metallic death , the recoil sending them reeling backward in their restraints .
violently jolted , his lazy stare up the river , a young boy sitting elevated on the boulder for his breakfast , nearly fell into the reflex water with loud explosions .
he quickly gathered his things and jumped into the rock rock desperately fleeing for cover .
still in the river bank , he found two large boulders to hide behind , giving him a safe cover a violent exchange .
any attempt to make land can expose them to the combatants and draw fire on either side .
they grabbed their poles even harder and strained to push the tiny faster of the raft across the river .
with a hand in hand , they pushed flimsy poles nearly breaking them as they rushed to evade harms way .
the painful blisters formed and quickly broke leaving fresh blood at the length of poles as they continued to push their lives .
the left side of the raft was standing without warning , a single stray bullet whistled through the air , and impacted the back of the first trappers head .
the lead ball mushroomed and shattered his skull , propelling the bone , brain and blood in front of his tattered clothes and river .
instantly he fell overboard and floated downstream .
in reality , him snapped back into focus of another bullet , embedded in one of the logs on the raft , fracturing it and sending tiny splinters into the water .
he looked back at beaver and muskrat pelts that he was and his friend now toiled over for the previous two months .
he hesitated for a moment then grabbed a handful of beaver pelts behind his rifle and a tiny strongbox of money then quickly jumped into the water .
struggling to stay afloat on the weight of the rifle , he kicked his boots wildly in the water .
his head dipped on the surface , he was about to let go of the rifle when his feet touched the bottom .
he pushed off the muddy river floor and popped his head into the water , took a gasp of air and sunk water again .
finding the river bottom once more , he launched his waterlogged body waterlogged and gasped for another breath of air .
as he sank back into the water , his head now line the water .
he managed to move close enough to shore now wade into the land of his handful of safe belongings .
spotting a large boulder to the rivers edge , he made his way to it , keeping his head mostly submerged in cover .
after a boulder , he threw his pelts and strongbox at the higher ground and positioned his rifle in defense .
with the wet and useless powder , he still aimed his weapon , hoping he was not called on by the bluff .
shaking and scared of the young boy huddled close to the rock , having just witnessed the drama of the trappers further unfold upriver .
at the tender age of seven , he had never seen a man who had killed before , and the sight of the old trapper violent death shook him at his core .
his world has changed in an instant , a graphic vision imprinted with his memory forever .
he wept openly as he watched the remains of the old man drift slowly downstream to him .
union corporal amol fletcher of part of the three-man assigned artillery team was standing by his post when the first of the four confederate shells exploded .
instantly , he dropped to the ground in agony .
as he cried out the pain , he clutched the dangling flesh , trying irrationally to reattach it for the bone .
in his delirium , his world seemed slow .
no one noticed him as he sprawled on the ground behind the cannons .
as bullets passed his head he heard their whistle and the moment forgot his injury to the sense of self-preservation overtook him .
he rolled his belly and began to crawl .
pulling his arms and pushing his uninjured leg , he slowly worked his way between the cannon and the soldier dragging the trail of blood behind him .
hypovolemic shock began to develop a loss of blood , the pain of his gaping wound became less noticeable .
he moved faster and more determination .
suddenly , the soldier lay in his path down face .
instantly , the skull of the soldiers exploded , covering fletcher 's face , corporal , covering bits of brain and bone .
he jerked away from the reflex and cried out for fear , only to feel the mind-numbing pain of his own injury .
as fear enveloped him further , he quickly crawled to the deceased soldier and continued his path .
up ahead several yards away , he spotted a boulder for protection .
fear and anxiety coursed through his veins as he struggled to stay alive .
desperately deliberately , he stretched his hands out in front of him , clawing at anything he could use further than his escape .
as he crawled , elevation dropped off slightly , allowing him more protection from the bullets passing above .
he heard the sound of bullets ricocheting off a boulder and trees deflecting him as he ducked sound instinctively .
with his adrenaline pumping , he reached down his and dirt-stained shirt and ripped off the strip from its bottom edge .
a short distance away , pulling a private from a horse-drawn ambulance , a painful shriek of corporal fletcher had heard the thunder of the war .
this was his first pass through as he searched the casualties .
hearing a horrific screams , he snapped the reins to the team of horses and quickly located suffering from the barely conscious corporal but still feeling his agony .
he leaped down the buckboard and ran to his side from a canteen of cool water .
kneeling , he placed a canteen on the corporal lips and slowly poured a few swallows into his mouth .
corporal fletcher of his grave state entered and coughed into the water , his mouth entered causing him to cry out the pain once more .
instinctively , he pushed the hand to privates away and opened his eyes .
a weakened voice , he said , they killed me .
rebs killed me .
looking down at the fletcher of corporal fletcher pooled over his leg , private quickly realized the gravity of the situation .
as he reached the fading lift corporal , he replied nonsense .
doc have to leg off no time .
you are good , as new just a few days .
he smiled as he spoke hoping to lift corporal spirits .
even as the corporal deteriorated state , he knew the grisly torture awaited him once back in a makeshift hospital .
he stiffened for a moment and looked down at his maimed appendage .
he envisioned painful procedure , then a disfigured remnant who left a sad reminder of the war reality .
disheartened , he slumped with the arms of the private struggled to lift him from the waiting ambulance .
sorry , private sincerely responded , although there was little he could do to improve comfort wounded .
moments later , his own screams of agony he heard the cries of another wounded soldier loaded with wooden ambulance .
he glanced over to see a young sixteen boy , thin , wavy yellow hair roughly hauled gurney by the opposite side of the wagon .
a ghastly wound in his stomach , he did n't have long to live .
lying there in his agony , he cried out to god to end his suffering .
corporal fletcher almost feel the young boy despair as he waited irrationally in vain for higher power to answer his dying prayer .
with the realization he was all alone , he retreated to far recesses in his mind , his last solace haven .
rolling his head from side to side , he murmured under his breath , " mama mama . "
the young privates eyes widened for a moment as he spoke quietly in the receiving tone , " mama .
i love you . "
as the corporals world went black , he slipped into unconsciousness , having brought some measure of relief to the poor dying measure for him .
it was all he could do and it was enough .
shortly after losing consciousness , the young boy quietly died him , passing the horrific end in peace .
- - * * * jeb - paced dr. jeb back and forth , operating wagon , envisioning dead envisioning and wounded each report to the union cannons .
the minutes felt like hours as he reached his pants pocket and pulled out his watch from elgin pocket .
he pressed the tiny gold timepiece button and popped cover exposing hands in time .
huh , only 10:30 , he said aloud , frustrated at how slow time felt for moments of anguish .
he snapped , closed the cover and shoved the watch back into his pants pocket once more .
returned to his pacing , he gazed into a grove of trees birch , trying to view the battle to his protected location .
barely visible , smoke columns and seen the debris rising off the floor of the valley .
the sight made him wonder how confederates faring , and if their own surgeon was also pacing nervously .
it started with a low clicking sound , barely audible .
dr. first thought it was a cannon reverberating off the mountains but the sound persisted , he recognized the distinctive repetitive sound .
it hooves the team of horses as they trotted .
he strained his eyes in the direction of the sound , but still saw nothing .
he spun on his heels and ran to the operating wagon .
ok men on , dr. called out in a deep authoritative voice .
fetch my smock , he ordered a nearby private sitting on the ground sunning himself .
yes , sir , the private responded quickly hopping on his feet .
he pulled the clearing and rolled into the waiting operating wagon .
their clean white smocks stood morgan dr. assistant assistant george fowler pvt standing .
resting earlier douglas and pvt .
the horses came to a halt in the rear of the ambulance , just an operating wagon .
immediately , dr. wounded ran and began his assessment .
there were three soldiers lying on their feet below him .
he quickly saw fletcher 's leg of corporal and the pool of blood collected it .
as he climbed up the ambulance , private driving the wagon met him in the middle .
pointing a young sixteen boy , he shook his head sadly and moved his gaze to the private laying on the bottom of the wagon of two gurneys .
assessing the situation , dr. boy quickly pronounced the young boy dead and turned his attention to the two men still living .
fletcher of the corp. feeling had an gravest injury , he motioned for two privates to carry him to the operating table .
immediately , two of the ambulance gurney lifted and over to the other wagon .
as dr. cut away in the corporals portion is a pant leg of the asst .
george 's fowler was prepared for chloroform .
dr. looked up , cutting while cutting and said abruptly to it .
he was unconscious .
i have his leg off before he ever wakes up .
stowed the chloroform fowler , and replied , you think he will ever regain this consciousness ?
i do .
dr. replied simply then added , once i can tie off those arteries , i think he 's ok , that is , if we can control infection .
the fowler just nodded as he jumped down the wagon off and came back around .
he stood for a moment and awaited further orders .
looking at the gruesome sight of asst ?
the fowler watched dr. placed a mechanical tourniquet just between the knee and femoral artery .
wrapping the leg strap he pulled hard to tighten a cloth band around the skin .
he then turned a large lever for a tourniquet to take the slack in excess .
moments later , the blood oozed from the wound slowed a slight trickle .
dr. morgan hands were already covered in blood as he reached his scalpel .
his pant leg was gone , fletcher 's right leg was fully exposed exposed .
starting on the top leg surface , dr. amputation began as he explained the asst procedure .
fowler while he operated .
right , i know this is your first time so i try to explain as much practicable .
first , we could determine the closest point of the wound incision .
we always try to leave as much as a amputating limb as possible .
i say we can safely amputate an inch or so dr. wound said as he placed the scalpel on the top of the leg .
looking up at his assistant , then fletcher of the corp. up to ensure he was unconscious , he was ready now .
right then .
start top here , he said , pointing a scalpel .
we could pierce the upper integuments skin , that was cutting fascia and just muscle .
this was really quite simple for him , unconscious .
at the bottom , he reached the leg coming up underneath the opposite side and continued to make his incision up the other side , ending at his first point in the incision .
asst the two incisions so quick .
the fowler barely had time to comprehend .
ok , i need you to pull back the first layer as i cut down the bone .
just careful your fingers though .
i was moving pretty fast here and we did n't want to be accidental amputation for any of your digits , ok ?
dr. asked .
the fowler nervously nodded his head and placed his unwashed fingers into the incision and began to pull back the skin that it was wider opening than dr. morgan .
as he did this , he asked the question .
sir , why do n't we cut right down the bone pass first ?
was n't it faster ?
looking up at his assistant , dr. morgan replied good question , lad .
we can do this on one pass , but we lose precision as we slice a deep muscle .
the remaining stump usually ends up a grossly disfigured , so more acceptable than more , leaving the appendage quite painful to use .
practice incision , double accepted , as we are doing now .
we produce a stump that retain more tissue covering the bone , making it less painful , as well as useful appendage .
the fowler nodded then turned his attention to his fingers as he pulled the incision open .
dr. reached the bladed bladed scalpel .
at the first pass , the doctor sliced deeply into flesh , though slicing the vein , muscle and tendons , hitting the bone and increasing blood flow on the table .
as he instructed the asst .
the fowler pulled back freshly sliced muscle as the doctor worked quickly .
reaching the leg once more the doctor continued his conical-shaped incision to the bottom , and worked his way to the top .
with his hands saturated with blood , he reached a long strip a few cloth wide inches .
he worked the bone , then pulled up each end of the strip , suspending lightly the leg for the moment .
he then pulled the cloth up the leg , pulled higher muscles up the bone .
ok , we pulled the muscles of the bone higher .
i cut the bone as close cloth as i can without cutting it a cloth , that is .
when we release a cloth , a muscle spring in the back of its original position , covering the bone for a couple of inches allowing greater healing , dr. elaborated .
he reached his saw and placed his thumb against the bone of the guide .
resting resting , saw his thumb , he pulled two times to himself , leaving a small pilot slot at the cut start .
he then began aggressively saw the bone .
in seconds , he was nearly bone as he began slow .
in the end he only pulled himself saw , insuring the splinter not to the bone .
the last pull saw detached the lower leg completely from the upper leg .
at the end of the table , a top-heavy foot rolled to one side with its own weight and fell to the grass table below .
the blood pooled at the end of the stump was released from the assistant , holding muscle cloth .
quickly reaching the pre-threaded needle , the doctor began to tie off the various blood vessels , starting to artery femoral .
right then .
see those strands of look in the tiny pieces of twine .
they were various blood vessels supplied with lower leg with blood .
those all need to be tied off or he will bleed to death , the doctor said as he worked .
the bleeding was completely stopped , he slowly released the tourniquet and watched the leakages at the end of the stump .
seeing none , he began to sew up the wound exposed .
he quickly pulled the extra skin into muscle and began to stitch them .
when he was suturing done , he allowed the asst .
fowler bandage at the end while he rinsed off his tools and the bloody foot threw the basket later carried away .
turning to his assistance , he said dryly , let 's n't too many today today .
the fowler just nodded .
the whole bloody experience was almost too graphic for him as he tried to process the procedure in his mind .
right , let 's have the other fellow look shall we ?
the doctor asked rhetorically .
faster than they operate , the privates carried the more wounded union soldiers in the operating wagon .
working quickly to overcome the numbers , dr. set up to another operating wagon , asst .
working on side side was dr. monitored his assistants work .
the two working doctors disappeared into a basket used to dispose of limbs since long the carnage .
the stench of heavy iron hung in the air as blood spewed from wounded .
the faces blank and the pallor stared some out into the nothingness in the reality of the deadened shock .
the others winced and each breath grimaced they took and still cried the others out in agony , each time dying for a thousand deaths .
hearing served suffering from their countrymen , the only served to stiffen into the doctors both resolve save more men .
during the day and night , two surgeons worked frantically to save , injured and dying .
their set in exhaustion and hysteria and despair was overwhelmed by them they searched themselves for the strength to continue .
eventually , their own bodies and minds began to fail them .
they pushed themselves into the limits of human endurance .
the battle was not complete yet ; they both knew tomorrow would bring further death and pain .
if they were going to be the service of the young men risking their lives in their country , they both need some much deserved rest .
the last flicker of light nearly spent oil lamps made blood soaked surgeons their way to the other side of the clearing in their tents two canvas .
after a quick change of clothing , they laid down their cots and quickly fell asleep .
dr. warner burst from david , swinging wooden double-doors and headed for the scrub station .
" ok , what do we have ? "
he asked as he turned the water and pulled a dispenser of soap , releasing a large dollop in his hands .
vigorously he scrubbed his fingertips on his elbows as he listened to his supporting staff with him in the emergency .
" doctor , we have a victim of a gunshot , and the exit wound the seventh and eighth rib will be the seventh entry abdomen .
her belly was distended , filling up with blood .
her vitals was low on sixty eighty-five .
her output of foley were bright red and shes hypovolemic for a loss of blood .
triage , her intubated and already infused with 2 plasma liters , " replied the surgical stadler of the resident kerry as he too scrubbed in for emergency surgery .
" so she 's prepped . "
asked dr. warner .
" yes , doctor .
prepped and ready , " dr stadler replied .
" films ! "
dr. warner asked with the abbreviated speech to function after his occupation .
before he could receive the answer , the surgical nurse jill burst into edwards by the door .
pulling her mask over her face , she reported anxiously , " doctors , you hurry better .
her vitals was dropping fast .
bp , fifty-five fifty-five ; the ox ox pulse . "
hesitation , dr. warner quickly responded , " gloves and gown now .
and set up the thoracotomy tray , laporatomy just in case . "
both doctors washed soap in their hands and arms quickly as worsened under the pressure and anxiety of the situation .
we can get ultrasound here .
dr. stadler asked as he started to tie his gown .
yes , stat !
dr. warner replied urgently .
moving through the double doors , dr warner heard the alarms reported the medical equipment coldly as the patient in crisis .
he scanned various devices for patients levels continued to drop the danger zone .
as he rushed to the patients side , the eyes of dr. warner widen in disbelief as he realized the age of the tiny victim .
" my god , shes just a baby .
how old is she ? "
" eight years , " nurse edwards replied , her voice exposing sadly to what disguised as her mask .
whats her name ?
asked dr. warner .
chart says lena williams nurse edwards williams .
shaking his head in disgust , he listened into a cardiac monitor , beats the slower beats and become erratic .
immediately , he reacted to instinct .
she needs the volume now .
another two hang in rapid infuser , he said , his voice showing the strain of the youth of his patient weighed heavy in his mind .
bp seventy fifty and dropping as the ox pulse eighty-two dr. stadler informed his mentor and colleague .
i had just lost her pulse nurse edwards cried out a cardiac monitor , sounded in the unmistakable tone of the flat line .
push the atropine amp .
the paddles is in charge , dr. warner retorted back .
nurse edwards quickly wheeled the defibrillator and programmed the setting for pediatric while charging by the external joules fifty paddles .
she quickly handed them dr. warner , then injected the atropine amp into the patients iv .
dr. warner prepared paddles from dr. stadler , the young patients scanned the belly ultrasound .
rotating , a small metallic , angles of various wand , showed images of the monitor , confirming their suspicions of hidden trauma .
the conductive gel , dr. warner , placed one of the paddles on the upper right clavicle , and just below one applied and the left young patients nipple left .
clear dr. warner called out .
dr. stadler broke off his examination just as depressed as dr warner depressed the paddles buttons delivering the charge of the heart as well as the other organs nearby .
the patients body convulsed coursing through her current .
her chest heaved and expanded , then fell and contracted back on the table .
three medical personnel focused on a cardiac monitor for signs of activity .
they held their breath in vain , continued the monitor to report a single , monotone sound of the flat line .
still , dr. v-fib , cried out .
desperation heard as he spoke .
again , dr. warner called out once more .
he had replaced the paddles from the previous locations and delivered a second charge .
again , a patient tiny body convulsed .
sinus tach , dr. stadler cried out with relief .
dr. warner had roughly placed the paddles on the back tray .
he asked dr. stadler now resumed his examination with a nervous sweat beading up on his brow .
belly full of blood .
looks like some major hemorrhaging where a bullet hit spleen , pancreas and kidney .
the eighth rib was broken too .
dr. stadler replied , now regaining his composure .
ok , eight blade warner , dr. requested .
even years of experience , the thought of slicing the poor little girl who lay in front of him felt offensive .
dr. warner strengthened his resolve and made his incision , cutting through the various tissue layers blood flowed freely in the opening .
immediately the unmistakable stench of blood and a fecal matter wafted through their protective masks .
he finished the incision and called out of clamp .
nurse edwards placed the clamp in his hand .
dr warner positioned the clamp holding open the incision as he tried to examine the damage of blood draining .
dr. suction warner called out .
dr. stadler inserted the incision probe , and began to suck out in excess blood .
be careful to watch the trauma .
transverse colon work .
clean out as much for that fecal matter as possible , worked dr. warner , who cautioned dr. stadler .
got it , dr. stadler replied , carefully sucking up the blood and the debris of the abdominal cavity .
in better view , dr. warner was now see damaged organs more clearly .
it was apparent , the spleen , pancreas and colon , as well as the left kidney had some form of trauma .
i need 4-0 prolene and r.b.-1 needle now .
did anyone know a bullet caliber ?
dr warner asked as nurse edwards handed him a needle and suture .
do n't look small , that 's all i know , dr. stadler replied , still with the colon suctioning .
looks like dr. .22 informed warner .
a small entry wound but the heavy internal trauma of a shockwave as it passed through for high velocity .
nurse edwards asked .
while dr. warner worked to repair the damaged spleen of dr. stadler , answered the edward question of the nurse .
after a bullet travels , it pushes the air out of the way , creating a turbulent air field like a bullet .
just awful awful , nurse edwards replied sadly .
dr. warner called out as he worked quickly .
seventy-five bp , fifty eighty of the pulse ox , replied nurse edwards she was bleeding everywhere , dr. warner complained .
he turned to dr. stadler and instructed him to repair the transverse colon .
looks like we have a small colon colon puncture .
you can repair it while i attend the spleen .
i was it .
eight suction blade and r.b.-1 and r.b.-1 were standing by , dr. stadler rattled off in a quick succession to nurse edwards .
gotcha , dr. stadler replied , slightly embarrassed to his zealousness .
as they both worked frantically to repair damaged organs , the flow of blood went nearly unabated .
nurse edwards had kept a careful careful eye trained on monitors , as well as doctors , anticipating their needs their requests .
the doctors are dropping bp again , sixty-five to forty-eight .
ox very pulse low seventy-seven , edwards announced to the nurse .
dammit , where she was bleeding ?
dr. warner asked rhetorically .
we are working in areas now , replied dr. warner stadler .
no no loss , this much blood has a much larger source of vena cava or aorta , dr. warner speculated .
we are nowhere in those areas .
the bullet exited her back in kidneys , replied dr. stadler .
i know , but this much loss of blood is n't adding up .
the bullet missed the veins of renal and spleenic and arteries .
this is n't just dr. warner organs replied .
the two doctors worked feverishly to repair the damaged and bleeding organs into the patients vitals , continued to fall .
the spleen and transverse colon repaired the two pancreas moved and left a kidney .
more kerry suction , stadler , dr. warner instructed , dr. .
he then glanced up and asked nurse edwards , how is our supply ?
she was taking blood faster than we give it , she retorted back instantly .
hang with another warner of two units , dr. anxiously requested .
dr. warner , can you see this ?
asked dr. stadler .
you agree as the bullet entered the abdomen , broke with rib and continued spleen , pancreas and kidney .
it appears that way , why ?
dr. warner asked as he worked a kidney .
dammit , you know what that is .
that was another entry to the wound , replied dr. warner .
eight blade and sternal saw , stat !
he said to edwards nurse .
two bullets .
but only one entry wound , dr. stadler replied in disbelief .
i know .
two bullets entered the same location , dr. warner responded as he accepted the scalpel into nurse edwards and began to make long incision to the patients breastbone .
i knew something was n't right .
the .22 caliber did n't break a rib , then have enough energy remaining to tear with all these organs .
more than one bullet had and i was betting its also cause for a massive loss of blood , he explained as he finished his incision .
what about the odds of being happening ?
i mean two bullets in the same entry wound .
dr. stadler asked rhetorically , his head now shaking further disbelief .
asked the stenal dr. warner next , then added , i never guessed it if i had n't seen it in my own eyes .
quickly handed edwards nurse dr. saw .
placing it at the base of sternum , he began to cut the breastbone , the smell of bone and blood penetrating their masks and their nostrils .
moments later , he was done .
rib spreader , dr. warner , were requested .
anticipating his nurse edwards request handed him the instrument immediately .
inserting it directly into the incision , he turned the lever and separated enough from the ribs into a view of the upper chest cavity .
dr. probe was the warner that nurse edwards had requested .
he then called the stadler dr. to begin suctioning areas open .
as he did dr. warner examined the cleaned areas .
more suction .
i need more suction than dr. warner asked in frustration .
oh man , we have trauma of inferior vena cava .
i need a 4-0 and r.b.-1 stat !
working feverishly to repair the bleeding profuse , the needle contacted something hard .
at first he thought it would be a rib fragment , but dr. warner was closer to the inspection realized that it was a second bullet .
it was there .
forceps , dr. warner requested in an almost frantic tone .
he inserted the cavity into the cavity , gently pushing cava vena cava and gently extracted a deformed and mangled bullet .
the edges were at the tiny , razor blades .
they sliced through the contact veins , he announced .
there would be a dozen fissures to repair .
as he unceremoniously tossed the clamped bullet and forceps into the stainless steel container , he continued to suture tears in the damaged vein and surrounding the organs .
moments later , dr. warner watched as the heart began to slow .
just then a cardiac monitor sounded .
he quickly placed his gloved fingers on heart and began to squeeze that attempting the manual compressions compressions even before nurse edwards could speak .
the pea she was at nurse edwards doctor announced .
push another epi amp and charge internal paddles about fifteen warner , dr. warner demanded .
handing him the paddles they can watch as he inserted them into her chest cavity and placed them still in heart .
there were none to be heard .
twenty charge .
another milligrams now 6 .
dr. warner called frantically again .
he was shocked at the heart , sending a deep current within , but no effect .
a cardiac monitor continued to report its menacing line in a flat tone .
dammit , asystole god !
dr. warner shouted out loud .
as he continued manual compressions , he called out a once more thirty charge .
inserting the internal paddles again , he delivered a massive jolt into a patient heart .
with horror and sadness , they watched the monitor register no change .
dr. warner searched frantically for his mind to the solution as he continued compressions manual .
even in his years of education and training , the damage was too extensive for him to overcome .
he pulled his hands from her chest and stood back .
with his gloved hands dripping fresh blood from the floor , he hung his head low .
call it , he mumbled quietly .
nurse edwards had called the time of death he stood motionless as he watched the lifeless body of the young girl .
his mind raced as he stared at the carnage in front of him .
he thought with smiles she had displayed just a few hours before .
he thought of hugs her mom had given her that morning , and the parents were feeling parents forever .
he thought of her violent death and it was all injustice .
deeply saddened and sickened by grievous sight , he stand no more .
he turned and walked out the oblivious or doors all oblivious of the state of shock and disbelief .
his gown soaked with blood and his gloves dripping from the red path to him , he made his way down the corridor toward the elevator .
unable to state and confused , he was unable to hear his name called as he walked .
standing in front of the elevator , he pushed the button .
instantly the doors had sprung open .
he looked back into the hallway to nurse edwards calling his name , but heard nothing .
as if in slow motion , he stepped in and slowly doors closed behind him .
dr. warner .
dr. warner to stop .
nurse edwards called as she ran down the corridor toward the elevator .
too late .
she watched the doors closed behind him .
as she stared at the bloody footprints that seemed to vanish through the doors of the elevator , she caught a slight movement of her peripheral vision .
looking up , she watched sadness , droplet of blood pooled , then slide down the elevator button .
reaching into her pocket , she pulled out a tissue and wiped reverently off the sad remains of the young victim , imprinting her memory , forever in pain of a senseless tragedy .
in dr. daze , david stood at elevator warner in the middle and stared at the old photo hanging on the back wall .
the metal doors closed behind him , he felt a small shudder , then the slight drop as he became momentarily weightless than the elevator began to descend .
the fact that he was not pressed to the floor to descend to , ignoring he felt any place but or a good place .
he just wanted to forget .
the elevator descended slowly .
as struggled to be free of his mind of tragedy , his eyes began to focus on the picture in front of him .
slowly at first , then more detailed as he descended , the photo came to focus .
he was no longer staring at the photo , but it was directly .
somehow it helped soothe the pain that gnawed away from his soul .
the photo was antique in past reflection in a unique history display that showed how elanger hospital came to pass .
a group of photo the doctors of the civil war standing on the patient in recent amputation .
standing patient , dressed in uniform as their bloody smocks still fastened them several military doctors proudly stood in the photo .
and determined , their faces were devoid of all the expression , one pride hardened .
the left side of the photo sat the old man on a rickety stool .
his white flowing beard and hair , he looked much older than his more distinguished-looking colleagues .
he too wore bloody smock and his face also carried an expression of pride .
yet something else shone in the wisdom of the old mans eyes .
while the others looked at the camera , he looked at it as if oblivious of the thought and oblivious of its presence .
he appeared to be somewhat accidental with the purpose of the photos .
the bottom of the photo read on the inscription the original hospital hospital site of 1862 .
the doctors gazed at the photo .
he looked at the bulbous bandage and barbaric to the leg of poor soldiers .
feeling the contempt swept through his body .
then , in a fit of rage , he punched the picture of the wall , the glass shattering and dropping to the floor of the elevator , cracking like a cheap plastic frame .
the sound of shattering plastic and cracking plastic , snapped him back in reality .
he bent over and picked up the old photo , leaving broken shards of glass still on the floor of the elevator .
he began to replace the picture with a bent hook when he felt his knees begin to buckle slightly , the elevator began to slow to a stop .
a moment later the sound of the bell heard the elevator settled on its floor .
suddenly he saw his gloved hands , sticky with drying blood , holding the framed picture held out in front of him .
he looked down from his gown and realized he was covered with blood , despite the fact that his moments moments before had escaped before .
the mechanized sound of the heavy metal doors signaled their opening he felt the brush of a balmy light breeze around his neck .
the air suddenly felt dense , as if the relative humidity increased dramatically .
a strange yet familiar odor drifted past him and penetrated his nostrils .
turning around to investigate , he stiffened , and froze in place .
his eyes took sight of him , his mind struggled to make sense of scene through the doors of the elevator .
his heart began to pump wildly and his whole body shook .
he felt he was dreaming , but before never had a dream felt so real .
hey , you !
come here .
i need you to hold his leg , heard just the elevator door .
at first squinted , then rubbed his eyes and refocused on the vision of him .
there , several yards away , he watched as the man dressed in a blue military uniform , stood by another man laying on the wooden gurney .
standing , the man looked familiar to him and he searched his mind to make the connection .
hey , come here !
i need your help now .
im almost finished , the voice called again to the elevator door .
around the elevator looked then over at the control panel over .
at the bottom of the panel , the circular button was a highlighted g labeled .
he thought it strange he ended up on the ground floor as he had not pushed any of the buttons on the panel .
he turned back to the scene unfolding in front of him .
the light of a balmy breeze was still blowing , his face and a strange odor , now foul and offensive still penetrated his nostrils .
suddenly it dawned on him .
the man standing before him was the same man as the picture .
zanas looked at the picture of his hands , then back to the man of the elevator .
he indeed , the doctor , a older-looking man with a white flowing beard and hair .
this is the strange one dream said out loud .
he felt confused by the vision .
whoa , im seeing the color of this dream .
how is this possible ?
he asked no one in particular .
you just going to stand there or are you going to help me ?
the old doctor called out david in frustration .
thought about answering him , but it thought silly .
its just a dream , he thought to himself .
then reconsidering he rationalized himself what harm .
the old man called what you want me to do .
that cloth could tear strips of the old doctor responded immediately , pointing at a mound of cloth over the foot of the wagon .
sam hesitated at first .
something in his gut was telling him not to go .
he felt paralyzed in indecision , but then , throwing caution to the wind , he stepped forward .
as he passed the doorway of the elevator and stepped out to the grass , the slow time seemed to be a moment .
he heard voices and sounds as if they played him at half speed .
alex turned and took a step toward the grass .
the time seemed to resume its normal speed .
he suddenly heard the deafening sounds of thunder and recognized the foul stench of rotting flesh .
what the hell ?
out loud , said a wave of fear and confusion spread around his body .
son , i really need your help here , heard as the old voice shouted him .
turned and looked at the old doctor , then back to the spot of the grass used by the elevator .
suddenly , a loud clap of thunder sounded just above the birch trees , shaking the ground at his feet .
thunder , he heard the screams of agony and realized sounds like hed sounds , not after all , but in fact artillery were explosions .
instinctively the old doctor ran frantically searching for cover as he closed the distance .
the old doctor seeing the intense fear of davids eyes recognized quickly the developing problem .
he pulled away his patient from the flight and quickly moved to intercept .
whoa , son .
youre no danger from the old doctor called david as he ran him and grabbed his arms , reassuring him for his safety .
those bombs ?
theyre trying to kill us , hysterical almost hysterical .
the doctor casually looked at david at the raging war , then back to his eyes and replied " well , but we 're in range of their artillery , but are we range for their artillery ? "
a confused expression crossed his face as he spoke .
" that 's quite an unusual uniform you have on .
what outfit are you ? "
" outfit ! "
replied still in a deep state of shock .
" outfit , outfit .
what outfit are you ?
who is your commanding officer ? "
the old doc questioned a bit of suspicion , then added , " ca n't tell me to gray you . "
about to speak when another shell hit a bank of just birch trees , startling both he and the old doctor .
with a quick look at david shoulder then patient his back to the wooden wagon , the doctor refocused his duty .
" this way , lad .
we have work to do , " said the old doctor as he extended his hand in the patient direction with an invitation for david to follow him .
quickly they walked back to the wagon with a doctor leading out of the way .
lord brogan knows he 's suffering enough when he wakes without fidgeting us with his bandage , so your work is quick . "
pulled off his rubber gloves and tucked them into his pocket .
as he looked around , he could hear cries of agony as the sounds of war on the smell of death and suddenly he realized this was no dream .
is this real ?
he was now existing in another era at the time before the civil 1860s war .
as he tore off each strip of cloth , he handed it the old doctor it used to secure the amputee bandages in place .
as he worked , the old doctor began to interrogate his new assistant .
" i see you surgery already .
i do n't recall another medical unit here .
where do you come from ? "
the old doctor asked casually as he worked .
his mind searched for the answer suitable for the old man .
he knew he could n't say he was in the future .
quickly he devised the story of the cover until he could make a sense of his dilemma .
" i have medical training and thought i can use , hoping to suffice his answer .
uh huh , and where do you come from ?
allow me to be more direct .
are you gray or blue ?
the old doctor asked without breaking his concentration .
neither am i , doctor .
i am just a trained medically individual who wants to lend hand to these poor boys replied .
the young man , a deserter from you .
the old doctor asked bluntly .
no , sir .
i do not , the military , david responded .
he knew the coming questions would keep and he needed to find a better reason for his presence .
he then had an idea .
doctor , truth , i need a job .
id like to join the military to in order to practice medicine .
i am a very skilled practitioner and feel i can use real here , finished hoping he has n't overplayed his abilities .
hmm a skilled practitioner you say .
where are you trained ?
are you doctor ?
the old doctor said , continuing his interrogation .
yes , i am a doctor .
i have trained new england at the university of harvard .
you heard it .
miriam asked if his league ivy alma mater did n't raise even more suspicion .
harvard you say .
we short-staffed here for sure .
my assistants well mean , but boys bumbling the country , if you understand my inference , the old doctor said as he winked at david .
completely , the doctor replied back with an understanding smile .
well , doctor , you have a name .
the old doctor asked , now david was bit warming .
yes , sir .
dr. my name is david warner .
i ask what your name is .
the kind responded .
my name is jebadiah morgan , dr. replied his modesty eliminating fancy titles from his name .
he tied the last bandage and lifted his head .
piercing eyes , he stared directly at davids .
slowly , he extended his hand in greeting .
im pleased to make your acquaintance with david .
now , id if you indulge me for a while , like to see your abilities .
i have a young man waiting for amputation id like you to attend to .
if you prove your skill , i will consult the gen. negley of employment .
is satisfactory this accord ?
dr. asked with a blunt sincerity .
where is the patient ?
replied trying to contain his confidence .
dr. private signaled to bring up the next patient .
his crude operating environment viewed the shock .
he had n't thought it for that moment , but he was trained to operate in a highly technical environment .
this is as primitive as he can imagine .
he was n't sure he could do it .
dr. sensed davids apprehension and said , son of you sure you are this up .
it is a bit more primitive than i am used to , but i manage , replied .
son , i do n't want you to manage .
i want you to perform a trained operator .
these young men deserve more butcher or charlatan .
if you either , please speak the truth , dr. stated boldly and conviction .
doctor , i can assure you my skills , the surgeon is adequate more .
as the assistants laid the next patient in the wooden wagon could see the agony of the young soldier and immediately began his assessment .
basic equipment to understand signs of the vital patients will only make limited observations .
he quickly took the patients pulse and determined it to be weaker than normal .
next , he checked the pupil dilation and reaction to the match .
satisfied , he then examined the patient mouth with the tongue and the skin of dehydration and color .
he observed that his skin color was pale with clammy and felt .
in addition , a young man seemed to be somewhat withdrawn and lethargic .
trying not to move leg too much , he moved only slightly it , cutting away a pant leg .
he observed that the large caliber bullet passed indeed a calf , but the gaping wound was left upon exiting .
determined , the careful cleaning and repair saved the leg , although antibiotics was problematic to treatment treatment .
immediately the young man 's undamaged leg bent knee leaving a traumatized leg laying flat .
he then moved to the front of the wagon grabbed a blanket and it draped a patient .
" what about dr. warner in your assessment ? "
questioned dr. concern .
" patient suffering , mild hypovolemic shock .
i was making some effort to stabilize him with invasive surgery .
a bullet with a large bore indeed left a great deal of calf trauma , but i believe i can save the leg . "
his school courses recalled chloroform anesthesia the choice for this period .
he continued , " we have chloroform ready . "
ryan asked .
" doctor , i protest .
his leg was too badly damaged .
we can remove it before gangrene develops , " dr. morgan said .
" i examined the wound and feel it 's relatively clean , thanks to his pant leg protecting a trauma .
proper cleaning i can repair muscle , veins and arteries , but need a strong cleansing solution and freshly boiled water .
i believe he will have some degree of infection , but the gangrene chance is much lower , replied you think . "
" repair veins and arteries .
is this possible ? "
dr. asked incredulously , then added , great concern " and what if develops the infection spreads and gangrene develops ? "
" we could amputate , but then he was no worse off than if we were now amputated .
at least we can give him a chance to save the leg , reasoned . "
" hmm .
do you really think you can do this ?
save his leg . "
dr. asked , now intrigued by david plan .
" i can only assure you he wo n't die with my care though saving his leg in these conditions is n't going to be easy , responded " .
dr. coifed his long white beard as he contemplated the procedure .
he looked over to be patient , back then david , deep in worry as he struggled to trust this mysterious doctor just minutes before .
the old man 's forehead could see as furrow he thought .
a moment later david saw a worried expression leave the face of the old man .
he now began to smile a bit as he came to grips with his decision .
" ok , son .
tell me exactly what you need , " dr. replied finally .
" replied distilled from two pots of boiling water or grain alcohol for soap and clean dressings . "
" it 's going to take some time to collect these things .
every this operation . "
dr. asked .
" keeping the water boiling is only the time consuming time for consideration . "
the fire was already smoldering in early morning usage so dr. more wood tossed the coals .
twenty minutes later , two water pots boiled wildly as dr. sorted , the instruments required to perform the surgery .
his selection was resigned to placed the instruments on the water boiling sterilization .
satisfied with his cleansing , he slowly washed the soap .
dr. ill-amused looked at the display for this strange doctor .
the medicine man , more thirty-five years , he regarded the prep work for the shenanigans reserved for the roadside carpetbaggers , the means to disguise their content lack .
logan looked over and could see the contempt in dr. morgans eyes .
he knew the old doctor was losing his patience , and with lost that , he was too losing what little credibility he had .
quickly set up a young soldier .
the old doctor help anesthetized the patient in the matter of minutes .
the patient looked out at dr. closely .
put his now-sterilized gloves , and then a generous amount of moonshine he obtained from the old doctor in the wound area applied the effort to sterilize it .
ok , doctor , as you see , the patients leg is torn up pretty badly .
im going to make the incision back to calf to inspect and then repair any damage i can find started .
as if cue , dr. moved a closer look .
david then brought out the pair of retractors used to hold open the incision .
he delicately placed the instrument in the incision and expanded it , giving him a good view of the wound .
next he rinsed out the incision from the salted water solution he had prepared for surgery .
dabbing at the excess blood , he was able to see the damaged tissue tissue and the torn vein .
using his scalpel , he cut away the torn and mangled muscle tissue .
again he rinsed out the interior of the moonshine wound and his makeshift solution saline .
the smallest needle , the doctors old bag of instruments , began to sew the reconstructed muscles as well as well the arteries , using a very few sutures to accomplish his task .
now , the sutures will remain there forever , but adapt the body to them .
i believe this will take care on this side of the wound , replied softly , completely engrossed in his work .
he closed the entry wound and move more extensive damage to the other calf side .
dr. looked in total fascination .
never before had he seen or even heard surgery so delicate and so complicated that such an ease and skill had been performed .
eagerly , he waited for david to attempt the more difficult area of operation .
after watching the first phase of the operation , indeed had proven himself a quite gifted surgeon .
dr. now watched any spectator as the professional watch in his element .
he was in awe and excited to observe even greater medicine feats .
once again , david did his best to rinse and clean the wound in the salted solution of water , and then sterilize it with distilled alcohol .
pulling a scalpel from the hot water , he began to work the damaged muscle tissue that wound the exit .
the damage was much more extensive but manageable .
as he removed a tissue , he was temporarily close to the wound to ensure the proper shape of the reconstruction .
working quickly , he then began to suture arteries and muscle as he had done the previous side , using very few stitches to accomplish the task .
he then closed the wound as he done the other side .
when completed , he rinsed again and sterilized in the entire area of alcohol .
operation over , he began to bandage the wound .
a few minutes later , as gaining patient consciousness was tied to the last bandage .
the operation was now over and felt confident he had done his best to inhibit infection .
the time of days was evident in the results of his work .
all he could do was now to wait .
reading reading , please purchase at smashwords.com : http : russell //www.smashwords.com/books/view/48854 assassin night smashwords edition night .
2011 by russell blake copyright .
all rights reserved .
information about the russellblake.com contact books .
how often do you hear that review say ?
thats what im saying .
the other reviews describing it near perfection and incredibly incredibly written , is n't lying .
russell blake was par for biggest business names .
and i mean grisham , turrow , ludlum brown , forsyth .
the plot was intricate and completely unexpected , every turn .
a hateful al ross character extremely well-written , believable complexity and nuance , global conspiracy hes a nightmare , ill-equipped to survive .
dont want to spoil the end , but its barn-burner .
overall , the best best read . "
" jennifer989 , build artistry of this work in brush strokes , layers brings you to wonder if something is this true .
thats the true artist work .
many works of fiction have the main character so scrubbed up he no longer resembles a human male .
no problems with this one .
this is almost how budding writers to.. .
how to write one word or one sentence edited out ?
the tight narrative of the great story scenario scary .
i almost never give five stars , but this has earned it . "
fast k. russell blake , " my favorite new author is becoming fast .
i did n't want to spoil the ending but it completely blew me away and how the suspense had sustained the last few pages of surprise , the great great .
the highest recommendation highly original and entertaining novel . "
i was pleasantly surprised to find myself going along with an easy style and broad narrative strokes .
the plot had very contrived skillfully , but the real art i found was an affinity , i found myself unable to resist the down-on-his-life main character of al .
i also love burros after following the steady transition of als as he encounters hurdle hurdle .
i laughed aloud at some scenes ( i did n't spoil it ) when there is al , lets say compromised .
i loved the ending but also wished the story had n't ended so that im reason taking trouble to recommend it . "
ill write a print of trilogy sum trilogy " " blakes latest , absolutely amazing .
i literally put down my kindle until i finished all three books in the trilogy .
russell blake has a very unique talent at painting a beautiful story of words , and a zero sum trilogy practically reads poetry .
5 stars are n't enough to rate this wonderful trilogy , the stars are more accurate more . "
" amber norrgard russell , russell 's sum trilogy was truly amazing blakes .
i initially downloaded the book 1 because it was free , and before i had done , i had purchased the book 2 & 3 as the bundle .
griffen nicolas character you grow despise .
the street on the wall was financier associated with a organized crime and government agencies using the stock of stock to make huge amounts of money a detriment others .
when he discovered , the owner of the website was changed , forever as he was now a target to be destroyed .
in this trilogy , you can take on an extremely fast ride paced and unexpected , like a roller coaster , a fight of good and evil .
zero sum was a complex addicting thriller you would not be able to put down .
i will highly recommend this book it 's writing its best .
i look forward to reading russell more blake . "
i have recuperating medical procedure so i read all three books over the weekend .
i even kept one map of locations to open the computer and made that all story more vivid .
the hero is smart , made good use of his resources , yet still kept naivete bit that had some almost disastrous results .
there was a bit of irony in the end but it worked .
i ca n't tell you how much i enjoyed this presumably offering debut in russell blake .
its awesome read .
i could n't put it down and stayed all the night to finish it , no exaggeration .
six stars if they had a high review . "
j , katherina .
" this book took me completely in surprise .
i thought id give it a reviews shot reviews and amazon 5 star and it quickly became a page turner i could n't put down .
the plot was a complex , sort of forsyth or ludlum and gripping the characters .
its a real novel .
cant wait to see what blake is next . "
anthony m. " fatal exchange is gritty , " edge to your seat , " the first time blake at russell author is a thriller .
the author had cleverly combines a well paced thriller , csi styled , crime , " no holds barred , " plausible international conspiracy .
" k. class , this book is steven itself .
the main plot in the book was exciting and scary ( and maybe a little graphic ) .
the visceral pacing was fast , the descriptions and the twists were unexpected . "
stacy k. , " king " " russell blake is no stranger in a thriller genre .
his previous thrillers turned to inside-out headlines : no-holds-barred gritty , edge-of-your-seat plots .
i know this sounds overly dramatic , but reader-speak , this book kept me glued on the screen for kindle .
the king has taken swords from the reader , a journey from the drug mexico mexico , where violence often trumps cash hard for dominant cultural currency .
konkoly steven bestselling author , jakarta , and pandemic black " swords king " great read anyone who enjoys those thrillers with forsyth and ludlum .
the first forsyths and the best book forsyths the day was one of my favorites .
ive read it at least five times for the last thirty years and it always gets my pulse in the quickening .
the king 's effect of the same swords and reads much faster than the surprises you can keep guessing the right end .
you want to just turn the pages as fast as you push your kindle a forward button ?
i have the king of swords feeling one of the books i come back again and again .
its good for that .
i like authors of other books having most read or all of them and their one all good , but this one is a different league .
this is no heavyweight excuses , you put up any of the big names and theyd trouble .
russell blake was an example of indie author who surpassing many of the best name best and put kos him right in the same ranks as them . "
" ive read a few of blakes novels and found them diverse in a voice and therein message .
my favorite breach , geronimo , but this latest has a kind of will of its own .
reader ca n't help but respect the bad mc guy .
if i read right about subtext , then i realized who were real bad guys , im not spoiling the plot , so youll have to decide yourself on that score .
russells website visit more details of the lives of russell blake than the author , a full time on the pacific mexico coast .
russell enjoys the fishing writing , playing his dogs collecting and sampling tequila , and waging ongoing battle for world domination for the clowns .
but even as i put the king on swords in bed , i did n't shake the sense of unfinished business .
id go to sleep and have vivid dreams , and they were always the same as the characters in my book .
specifically , they were the assassins of the past .
it was a disease .
i did n't stop thinking about him .
thats unfamiliar to me for the most part .
i felt closure at the end of that work .
id told the story of the als as well as i could , and there was n't more i felt i could add .
there were no more words that needed writing .
but i was no sooner finished king of swords than i started making the prequel notes .
which is really the wrong way to go with it ?
im a simple man .
when the story is starting , i will always be once part of time at the beginning and the end of the well end .
but thats not how it panned out to me this time .
i felt driven by the assassin write some more write and to delve into his background .
what had created a man who dispassionately dispassionately about the living peoples lives ?
what drove him to do the unthinkable ?
he was a monster of a traditional sense .
he would kick the dogs or swerve hit them on the road .
he had put his socks before or in his underwear .
it was fascinating to me because el rey alive my head .
you see , i knew questions answers i was asking , once in my life .
and so came pass i have the opportunity to share you with what i gleaned from him .
at night , the shorter assassin would work somewhat written , flesh out making the beast and the best read of companion piece of swords .
it certainly read first , but i suspect it will be more satisfying , and more resonate if digests reader are the first digests of the second night , then sequels .
thats how i envisioned it but youre free to do as you like .
even if the stand-alone or first read could entertain the night and satisfy .
id just recommend it to the king .
the other nights thrill purpose is to explain that illumination can afford one of my most fascinating characters yet .
el reys highlights , or at least it was highlights , was alive for the page .
enjoy this humble , offering my compliments .
the battle-hardened men chartered those yacht safety was dead , serious state resonating from the constant state of threats of any approach .
the drug cartel skirmishes escalated into the past two years , some guards were in the blistering firefights of rival groups and seen more of their share of blood .
these are men , whom killing routine , and they drew their understanding pay for any day their last .
the radio members of the group checked in on one another , each confirming all the calm .
the routine was to monitor everyones status at fifteen minute intervals throughout the night .
girls were a regular company , owner of boat contreras , sylvio , warlord , number one , sonora , and head of the zapata cartel .
the contessa was more than a getaway destination from the weekend to a quick hop home , whereas the others were good for several weeks aboard .
papi had burned roughly twelve million dollars a year keeping his boats in the water before even starting the engines .
they were ready for him for any hour , full-time with full-time crews , consisting of deckhands chefs captains mechanics , bartenders maids and masseuses .
the security had travelled him the extra cost .
then again , papi was n't price-sensitive and had n't told anyone precisely what he had spent in his lifestyle .
they blew through the smoke and chatted with clothes and their favorite television programs taking a break in the fiesta winding down inside .
tensions is high in zapatas and a gulf cartel , as well as the sinaloa cartel , and the outbreaks of violence escalated on the toll of the death reached hundreds for each month .
most of the disagreements resolved in bloody skirmishes , this one had to do with power and money .
the sinaloa cartel felt too much making its relatively insignificant place on the chain of food and trying to dis-intermediate contreras in order to increase its net .
which of which just humdrum contreras business was one of the the oldest of the oldest bosses in the cartel .
he enjoyed his privacy immensely , even though his line of work was rarer it with a gold commodity .
the cartel head he was constantly surrounded by security personnel , so the ability part of his boats appeal to enjoy at least the illusion of seclusion .
the youngest of veronica her feet leapt lighter and rushed to attend to their host .
oh , papi .
she exclaimed with a giggle of faux indignation and petulance dripping with every syllable .
eh , so how are you doing girls ?
are you ready to make your papi 's party ?
come on .
you know how i like it , his distinctive sonoran accent rasped .
the girls extinguished their cigarettes and exchanged glances .
it will show time .
after the veronica , her two new friends moved and they began kissing , then caressing each other .
stood by watching impassively with action , tepid , hot moved and clothes began shedding along any remaining inhibitions .
papi opened a small eighteen-carat gold box and quickly tapped out the two small piles of white powder in the exterior glass bar behind him .
he snorted with heaping lines of cocaine , levitra laced with gusto as he leered at the trois mnage .
it was a good life , he was a lucky man .
this is a fantastic birthday so far and whoever said in life fifty began , n't lying .
yes , indeed , a great birthday .
he studied the face of his rolex platinum masterpiece and noted a little time after midnight .
another day was older and closer to death .
ah , well .
what one ought to do ?
hed try to enjoy himself nonetheless .
youre shameless .
inside , move and let the games begin .
and save some love , papi .
the security team avoided looking up at the transom of the huge ship , preferring the periphery scan for signs of intruders .
papis love high life , known well and now seen everything men .
it was all fun until he did n't perform or turned nasty things on too many drugs , and the girls ended up , begging for forgiveness .
theyd had to bury their fair share of young strippers failed to judge his moods correctly .
he was infamous for mercurial .
pelican rustled its feathers at the waters edge before taking the flight swooping water low as it searched out the more tranquil surroundings .
two of the sentries swung around until the sound was ready to engage whatever enemy presented itself .
they exhaled in relief when they saw a huge bird lumber in the night air .
everyones nerves are raw prior to weeks duty , moving zone of danger into the danger zone while contreras partied care partied .
they were in friendly territory but that was little counted when he was exposed this .
the men were working shifts to shift guards each eight hours on four hours , eight off so they steal some rest and stay alert .
four high-intensity hours patrolling the acuity fell off markedly and the human error became more likely .
the game of cartel is one where you only got to make one mistake your last .
that 's the gig .
the sound of the boat party was a headache from them , although no one dare mention it , papi .
but he painted as well , big super bulls-eye yachts bow to any hostiles in the area .
the security head was clenched in alberto , his jaw as women laughed at each squeal of ecstasy an invitation to disasterin his mind .
the old pervert to restrict around banging his doped-up teenagers like a goddamned boat out not open .
why would he need to make such a public display of it ?
it was recklessly endangering them all .
the cat scurried like a large rat slick-wet concrete path of shops at the far end of the marina , setting nerves further on the edge .
he did n't want to think how his men wound-up for almost ten days of constant vigilance .
the money obviously bought a selective vision where he was concerned , but it would only go so far .
gunfire , six star hotels , exclusive exclusive marina , raise the wrong eyebrows and the last thing alberto needed an all-out gun battle , dead in the night .
it was impossible to sneak up on the water yacht , still the night detected immediately detected , even if it had been rowed .
but he wanted to ensure covered all the avenues of the attack so even watched in waterside .
theyd covered all possible approaches , yet he was still worried .
maybe it was a place or maybe because it was the last night binge papis binge .
but the alberto had the ugly feeling of his guts and it was n't something hed eaten .
his primeval senses tingled as if there was something out there coming from them .
and whatever it was , it meant them harm .
he called his men at their radio check-in , everyone immediately responded , sounding alert and precise .
they were best .
the seasoned professional killers in half a dozen countries were making thirty-five grand month each to lay their lives in line .
he did n't like odds with anyone foolish enough to take them on dead in the night .
but his gut still told him they had a problem .
the assassin checked luminescent face in his stopwatch , noting the satisfaction that he was on schedule .
he listened to the sound of the party at the marina still some distance away .
faint gusts of music muttered in cadence , vague , water .
the target was making it almost too easy for him .
perhaps it was just providence , calling time for papi .
this was his specialty , the impossible to carry-off the execution untouchables was his stock-in-trade .
it made him infamous for a relatively short time .
on-edge but this was the most difficult sanction yet , due to the heightened vigilance of the security team he knew was on-edge the final night of their rough duty , concluded the vulnerable location .
the thought hed all possible ways of terminating contreras , and when hed decided to his final plan , even he was impressed that it was ingenuity .
now he just needed his contractors at the time and to do their job and papi was a dead better .
he slipped off the surface of the water and submerged the depth of fifteen feet .
is that sufficient for his purposes ?
a small , waterproof gps unit hed programmed to the dock coordinates radiated an orange glow three feet readable away .
after his calculations , he would need ten minutes to swim in his starting position as the plan engaged though hed allowed himself to be fifteen , just in case .
better be safe , sorry this night .
his tank held more than sufficient air to breathe an hour he hoped was far necessary .
it was difficult to arranging all the pieces hed need to end the life of a brutal boss of the cartel , too expensive , but the cost was sometimes the key .
hed learned the harsh experience would not be learned to pinch pennies or out cheap .
the end of the night hed far richer , so the end was paid whatever his costs sunk into themselves .
he was nothing if not pragmatic for the job .
his easy practiced stroke propelled him smoothly into the warm water as he neared the private marina .
he sensed he was close when he felt the current heralding the mouth of the harbor , as the surging tide pulled him into a broad opening .
visibility was zero in the inky darkness so he was entirely flying from his instruments , told him he had another hundred and fifty yards to go .
the contessa was berthed on the dock closest to the harbors entrance , commanding the entire length , so there was no cover or alternative to be doing a dive .
this is the only way to get close .
the commotion at the sea bed was startled by him in a cloud of muddy sediment .
large stingray rose in the muck and glided toward him , nudging his neoprene-encased legs into one of its wings .
sensing the creature more than seeing it , he momentarily caught guard .
his respiration increased as he flailed in alarm , causing a rush of bubbles , hurtle across the surface .
another glance at his watch confirmed he still had five minutes to go .
by his reckoning , he was sixty or so in front of the boat was ninety and ninety to his targeted position .
carefully calculating in the distance , he moved to the spot his schematics told him , the correct one for his purposes .
as the mesh sack attached to his dive belt , he fished out the suction cup to handle the one end , he affixed the hull .
the assassin feel the vibration of the big generators provided all power when the rest of the massive twin mtu turbo-diesels .
as expected , all the systems were operating a full bore of a luxurious yacht .
diamond-tipped steel had shredded its way to the hard fibrous material almost five thick inches .
six a bit .
two minutes later , he was through .
he jammed it up into a new opening and twisted the valve , wishing he could hear the satisfying hiss terminate the target .
that was where part of the two the plan came in .
the assassin depressed the button on the suction cup and dropped it away from the hull .
he swam to the far side of the ship facing the bay and cautiously poked his head into the water right next to the section where engine vents in the air drew .
another glance at his watch confirmed he had a hundred and forty more seconds before it was a show time .
he groped for the sack and after re-submerging drilled another hole , this time where the central units conditioning the air are situated .
he repeated the procedure to the second gas canister and returned to the surface again , hurriedly extending akin to the telescopic tube with the antenna radio antenna .
the assassin was fitted with a third larger canister at the end of extension and now in position and prepared ; the fireworks waited to begin .
alberto was the first to hear the big rotors of the choppers .
by the time he radioed his men , the sound of aircraft increased the chattering roar .
shooting alberto screamed at the radio with his men to hold their fire nobody in the helicopter .
the piercing light slowly moved across the concrete path , locking men armed and each freezing in place before it moved next .
alberto swore to himself .
that was the way too close .
it was one of the navy copters , no doubt sent over to check the reports of armed waterfront men .
the army and the navy chiefs in the area have been paid off so there are n't any problem .
it likely took a couple of exchanges exchanges before they called off the dogs .
they were equivalent to the american green berets as the tough toughest and they generally meant business .
alberto know he employed three ex-marines genuine of the authentic hard cases even the world where blood casually spilled on a daily basis .
the unexpected fire-drill over of patrols had commenced again .
everything returned fragile calm .
the night still and the contessa rocked gently with an incoming tide swell from within , still booming its siren song deep .
the assassin made his way through the cabin to the main stateroom , his silenced pistol ready .
hed brought it to a waterproof bag in , he kept anything that did n't get immersed in the dive .
he did n't think hed need to use it , but prepared better .
hed pulled his flippers off and set them on the rear deck , where he could grab them in a hurry .
in the worst case , he could always swim them although it was much going to rougher .
that was n't his most pressing problem now though .
he needed memorialize of his success and get proof back to his clients so he could collect the second half for his fee and build his reputation in the process .
he pushed the door to the master stateroom , open and tableaux encountered hell straight .
papi , naked lay in the center of the bed , surrounded by his three young playmates , also naked .
all dead .
the nerve gas hed bought for the russians had done its work circulating about three conditioners air conditioners .
hed guaranteed to kill gas ten seconds of inhalation , but he needed sure .
thats what made him who he was .
he was a man who made sure .
the sight of the female corpses , bloody foam caked from their mouths and noses cyanotic already had no effect on him .
this was his job in his chosen profession .
collateral damage was regrettable , but the deal was part .
girls are likely dead for a few years anyway , either hands of these goonsor are their rivals .
it was a life of fast money , did n't come to retirement plan .
breathing his respirator , an assassin studied the boss of the dead cartel , then fired a single shot on his forehead , more effect on anything .
he inspected his handiwork dispassionately before reaching the watertight gun bag to the cell phone and a laminated rectangle .
approaching the man , he positioned the card almost tenderly at his exposed throat before snapping the photo of the phone .
the figure of the card seemed to watch the proceedings of interest with his medieval regal gaze of perpetuity unblinking , a double-edged blade , his sword clutched , pointing forever to the heavens .
satisfied with his handiwork , the assassin dropped the phone back into the sack and sealed it before placing it in the web bag hanging from his dive belt .
the noise above jolted him .
he heard movement up as the heavy bridge footsteps carried down the mid-ship stateroom of the signal that was either the problem or shift change .
one part of the plan he had n't been able to nail was a detailed agenda for the security team .
just nobody he could find that was paid off was so hed had to wing it .
he hoped that was n't a fatal flaw tonight .
alberto called his men into the dock area and briefed the new arrivals .
they four-twenty shift which point theyd relieved a new fresh eight set .
the cry of the bridge interrupted his reconnaissance , and he looked up at where one of the new arrivals was waving .
what idiot ?
why did n't he use the radio ?
thats what they were for .
the alberto of the volume turned up his handheld and called the man .
what is it ?
papi , or any of the girls swimming today today , or this evening .
ive been gone about eight hours .
i do n't think so .
alberto asked , honestly puzzled the question .
a pair of warning radio went dead .
the hair in albertos arms stood up as he peered through the goggles into the goggles on the bridge .
he could n't see either men stationed there in the sentries .
come in .
come in .
can you read me ?
hissed the radio alberto , his hopes sinking even as he called .
one of the two guards sailed along the side of the bridge was a body , landing a formless stories about four mass below , the concrete surface of the dock with albertos feet .
alberto stared at the body of disbelief on the stain of thick dark blood , which quickly pooling the corpse .
moments later a second corpse hurtled through the security men all rushed to the yacht , now the mode of full-scale attack .
night abruptly exploded into inferno , temporarily blinding alberto .
the boat inside illuminated the whump of incendiary grenade into the interior of the white-hot flash as the ensuing blaze erupted through the side windows , shattered by the scorching blast .
the assassin allowed himself to sink the bottom to twenty-five feet below the surface .
hed give it a few minutes and let the gunmen exhaust their wrath before doing so he still had sufficient air .
it was a long bay slog through the swim fins hed forced to leave the aft deck .
is that regrettable ?
he checked his watch and peered into the gloom as his regulator gauge he illuminated using the dim glow for the gps .
it was the least-expected route of escape , given it to the farthest point of the ship .
odds there are any serious hunt for him zero he knew .
theyd far more interested in clearing out before they had to explain their heavily armed presence in the military .
barra town he manzanillo forty minutes , or yet better , one of the big hotels just north town .
when he got to shore , he would e-mail the photo of papi with his distinctive calling card in a glorious display , using his cell phones internet capability .
the client was suitably impressed that yet yet another impossible execution for his notorious string of accomplishments had gone off without a hitch .
touch the novel gas and hed delighted the results .
at that stage , it was pretty obvious that something was killed in the atmosphere of passengers , so the discovery would have zero effect on anything .
the vendor had done well by choice as the assassin grinned at the heavy glass mask hed use him again .
reliability of the assassins game is the key to sustaining rewarding long-term relationships .
rousing himself from his reverie , he began swimming away slowly , the boat hugging the bottom so to avoid any telltales the flashlight beams playing on the surface .
they were wasting their time but he wanted to take no further chances .
by the time the flames extinguished there was a little left at the ships upper salon or staterooms , other than the main bedroom used by the owner .
his boss , his sacred charge boss .
his blood ran cold when he saw the image of the seated regent protruding face in papis .
hed heard stories from the rumors of a ghost that came to kill , but never believed they were true .
by now .
hed witnessed the handiwork in his own eyes , the handiwork of swords king or el rey as he known in mexico .
he was every heavily protected nightmare of the worst targets , a man walk through the walls or sides of the buildings , and whom no one was safe .
seeing the assassins calling a card was at the loss of any innocence or hope hed ever had .
because now the alberto knew indeed , there was indeed a boogeyman , the devil danced in the darkness , stealer the things precious to hell .
alberto assurance the assurance that was something scared for him more than the mexican marines , there was more torture than the prospect of death itself .
he was the man of whom the slaughter and killing , was mundane to seen an evil true face and stared it back at him , unflinching .
el rey had come into night as a soul and stolen papis .
the shacks were ablaze , sending embers shooting through the air as they carried the hopes of the captives for survival to heaven them .
the little girl sobbed terrified of what was to come .
this was the worst night of toddlers , a short harsh life , and it seemed surreal to her .
she hoped it was a nightmare .
the dead form of her father lay sprawled next to her mother , his life extinguished in an unspeakable manner .
she did n't understand any of it .
she wanted to live .
she had so much to do with her life , just starting .
as the seasons came and went for the familys time , their meager patch was working on the land for several acres of family family plot .
no plumbing was , their water came well to artesian .
unthinkable , then , happened .
and now she kneeled , crying while she murmured the only prayer she knew , hoping it would work for the talisman to keep bad men in the bay .
with our arth father in heaven , she lisped a soft , tremulous tone .
cried the little girl , the silent god abandoned her , even as she continued , innocent the words assured shed to protect her anything .
thy will the lead ripped her cerebrum abruptly terminating from her brief sojourn on earth .
her frail body tumbled lifelessly to the ground .
was her over the ordeal ?
another drama another , a long line of horrors , theyd inflicted their fellow men in order to solidify the control of their jefes in the region .
the citizenry only understood and respected one thing and that brute force .
they were in the delivery system of that primal justice and they knew nobody would ever miss a peasant family or question the events of that night .
events would remain just another footnote in the slaughter for the ongoing part of the drug traffic in mexico .
nobody was to defend innocents , and so they perished as countless others had them in brutal episodes determined to nothing .
mexicos soil was steeped in blood as helpless men knew nobody would mourn them .
they had no power of no clout and so disposable .
the enforcers returned to their truck started by roar , and they tore off into the night as the dirt track that led to civilization , such as it was .
~ ~ twenty years ago , in sinaloa , the horses that whinnied as they galloped along the periphery of the open field .
the men in the center gathered on ponies were whistling as they celebrated their temporary equestrian freedom .
the majority of the cannabis grown in mexico came into sinaloa , and it was this harvest that had instrumental the creation of the modern cartel system .
originally , only a few families engaged in trafficking in u.s. marijuana : the moderate quality and purity were produced from modest local fields .
it was a small business that operated in the cottage industry , tightly held the minimum of violence other than the turf wars growing and distribution wars .
handling the 1990s early mexican cartels , much trafficking in colombians , whose cartels colombians disintegrated in late 1980s , their survivors focused mainly on the manufacturing now .
little of the decade had become a small business , the multi-billion-dollar industry and the various factions fought it out to rights their geographical areas .
cartel 1990 is most sinaloa , all the mexico in all the world , primarily in fact , because the godfather of the mexican drug trade angel gallardo gallardo flix godfather the capital culiacan in sinaloa .
it was he who ran a hundred percent of mexico trade in the seventies and the eighties and he had colombians relationships .
the particular cartel , tijuana , and juarez cartel is jockeyed with a greater sway and a larger chunk of profits , leading often the bloody wars of their sinaloa brethren .
a group of men watching the horses laughed easily together at the tecate cans tempering the worst of the mid-day heat .
it would fall the storm season was largely over , but temperatures could still reach the high nineties in the day , bringing it to a substantial humidity .
it was his birthday , and ten it time for him to begin learning that skills hed require to survive the ever-competitive world .
in mexico , the head of one of the original ranking members of the sinaloa cartel , had translated more than writing reading and arithmetic .
its time for you to learn the way to the world .
and who knows , maybe when youre older he can even teach you the thing or two of the women , don miguel joked .
the surrounding men obligingly laughed at his playful sense of fun .
my business is demanding an increasing amount of my time and ill be traveling much year so im you entrusting to emilios capable hands .
youre treat him in the same respect can you afford me ?
are we clear of that ?
hes your mentor , position with honor , but its also one of responsibility , and if you fail to apply yourself , it will reflect poorly of him .
the boy nodded his understanding .
he did n't talk much youve never seen much at the point of it .
the emilio regarded him and then grunted , gesturing with his head for the boy to follow him .
the pair walked through the stables and once once the view of the men got the emilio down to one knee so as better get his point across .
my job is to make you a man .
i know your history and im here tell you matters nothing , but present and future .
where is where ?
thats meaningless .
nobody cares .
the only reason that matters of past is so you learn it .
thats the whole reason making mistakes and surviving them in matters .
what is the experience , we call mistakes we survive ?
the emilio grinned and tussled boys hair .
and ive got a lot of experience .
so youre going to stick with me , eh ?
every day before you go to school , we spend an hour , learning together how to discipline your body .
every school afternoon , three hours spend me learning how discipline your mind .
once you have both total control , well proceed , learning fun how to shoot the ride to swim on the hunt , and how to stay hidden .
but i ca n't teach you anything until you have to control yourself .
the boy glared at him dubiously , his dislike of the situation and his new mentor was obvious .
emilio swatted him from the side of the head , just enough to get his attention .
you see ?
you do n't have control .
you ca n't hide your emotions so youre in the open book of anyone who wants to read you .
you do n't like me and its obvious , so i now have power to you .
given me that power by failing to contain your feelings and i use it to hurt you .
so , your first lesson is to control your emotions .
not if you can control and blown around like a leaf , always reacting whatever the storm is taking place in your brain .
even ten years old , the boy learned to listen .
emilio could see the wheels turning over his small head as he absorbed what was the older man said .
it does n't matter to me that we do this in an easy way or a hard way .
either work .
if youre interested in proving youre stubborn , your energy can save something that matters .
you want to prove something to show me youre determined , have plenty of chances .
my job is to build you a leader , the others man look up to , who makes smart decisions at the level head and who never loses his cool .
soon youll figure out its better put some effort into learning what im rather teaching rather than fighting it .
the end resisting lessons was just delaying it was inevitable getting parts of fun .
so decide .
make a choice then eliminate all the other possible outcomes .
that is your road .
i hope you can select one good , concluded emilio , and then opened the barn door and moved inside with hay bales .
he studied the pile and motioned his hand to the old pitchfork leaning against the far wall .
happy birthday .
today , and every day until i tell you to stop you , i want you to move the hay with these bales , this pile feeding a feeding trough .
one hour spend the day doing it every morning at school .
emilio glanced at the boy , now regarded him impassively .
the old man reached into his pocket and produced a new watch of stainless steel wrist , tearing off the tags as he examined the clasp .
he looked at the time and then tossed it to the boy it snatched the air with ease .
thats my birthday gift , are you ?
its always important to give in order to get .
i see youre right-handed your catch .
that was a liability time .
well work so together , you do any task either in equally comfortably hand .
if youre ever wounded one arm , you can use the other and the edge of the edge , you living or dying on the floor .
everything i has for reason .
but now , start hay .
you know how to read the clock .
how to tell time to watch that ?
the boy nodded his head in the affirmative .
another lesson .
never tell me you know something if you do n't .
i do n't mind it if you do n't know not knowing if you ca n't be shown is n't your fault ?
not knowing because you have n't shown because you pretended to be a knowthats of emilio cautioned stupidity .
i know how to tell the time how to read the clock .
im not stupid , the boy declared angrily .
ah , so , he speaks .
very good .
but you still have n't learned my first lesson .
by showing me how youre feeling , either your voice or eyes or eyes , youre giving me an advantage to you .
and i use that to destroy you .
so well work with you learning to control your emotions to be cool and collected all times .
its the first lesson , you teach and probably the most single valuable .
emilio studied the boys features , dark brown eyes radiating in quiet intensity .
once you are a master of the ability to manage your inner domain , you have the power of others instead of them , having power you .
learning so to do a matter of practice .
more than practice you have become more composed and faster youll progress .
its not just about hiding your emotions from the others , its about arresting your state .
if you lose control , you will lose .
its simple like that .
if nothing else could always remember that .
you lose ?
the emilio glanced at the pitchfork , then back to the boy .
and something tells me you do n't like losing , eh ?
well heres another piece of experience in a lifetime of mistakes that takes winning usually a lot of it work .
and practice .
and the commitment .
which is where i come in ?
so happy birthday to treat your watch with care and it will well function for many years and get hay its not going to move itself .
the emilio turned and strode into the building and path riding in the dirt , leaving the boy in his thoughts .
emilio tell he one little bastard bastard , that is sure .
it was n't easy reining in him .
it was the same as the horses .
don miguel was smart man , and he was clear he expected a groomed boy to be a suitable heir to expanding his rapidly into fortune .
the next five or six ones ones forged in the boys character and made him whatever he can ultimately be .
tough good .
so stubborn .
and smart .
don miguel stressed how intelligent the boy was devouring every book he could get his hands on .
that was a powerful combination of character traits .
emilio steer him in the direction where he had an outlet from his obvious simmering anger .
don did n't have time to raise him and teach him what hed need to know .
every day brought more and more threats as dons survival was , the truth , he was hiding in for much time directing his affairs to a safe distance .
don miguel now major player in a mexican trafficking scheme but the spoils came to risks .
there was a constant and never-ending supply of enemies cut his throat in the slightest advantage .
danger was very real and immediate .
so he could leave his beloved estancia to his horses , and had become the general of the ongoing war coming home only brief visits when he deemed it safe .
the dons business was no retiring , no quitting to pursue the other interests .
trade operated according to the law of the jungle ; you kept killing until something killed you .
if you predator , meanest and smartest , perhaps youd have a long life .
so far , miguel don proved up to every challenge .
that would change in a blink , but emilio do n't so think .
he was a million one of a genius easily , as well as utterly ruthless and clinically calculating .
that combination of traits is rare , especially in business more testosterone boasted than a boxing club .
but don also was looking for the future .
he realized that the boy was always a target , no matter what pursuit he chose was an adult .
which meant he needed to be equipped with skills that would enable him to survive the enemies filled enemies .
emilio boys , the best shot of survival .
he would teach him the lessons he need to learn well in order to stay alive , and hopefully to flourish .
he could make the boy of the man .
starting today .
he was remarkably self-possessed , excelled in his studies , and diligently worked his exercises .
emilio him transitioned into hay for a real workout in order to keep up his rapidly developing physique .
sculpted by his upper body , a series of isometric exercises , culminating in chin-ups and push-ups , his lower body conditioned with increasingly longer runs .
even as he approached his fourteenth birthday , he was easily mistaken for two years older , and his gait was taken with the measured athlete confidence .
don miguel occasionally stopped and each time hed been surprised at the boys development .
six months gone from the time it seemed taller that each visit was inches of a few boy and sporting a few more pounds of muscle .
don miguel pleased the metamorphosis and indicated to his satisfaction the generous satisfaction of the boys allowance , as well as emilios remuneration .
the boy was now easily half of the emilios , workload because the number of skills had learned to , increased his age .
he was already an accomplished rider on horseback and a swimmer and had shown considerable aptitude for archery .
that was how he approached things methodically , analytically .
hed quickly taken counsel to emilios heart and worked at controlling his emotions , no matter the stimuli .
emilio taught him any number of tricks to help him remain detached and calm any situation .
in his fourteenth birthday , don miguel was nowhere to be found , but a substantial financial stipend was sent lavished by the boys of the newest training weapons .
at this point he knew the boy practice until he excelled in whatever challenge , and he would n't be disappointed in his progress in firearms .
a year the boy shot a crack , any weapon you handed him firing , handed either right or left .
nobody hurt to be done with no harm and everyone was getting bountiful bountiful for each year bonuses , so there was no reason to rock any boats .
it will live and let live as far as law enforcement concerned which worked out for everyones best interests .
the boy quickly grew comfortable , any guns provided him .
his fourteenth year had transitioned his fifteenth he had exceeding all expectations , emilio had him .
he set up two coffee cans thirty yards away from each other , paced off forty yards from the boy and held out both handguns .
left target , shoot your left hand using a revolver .
one right , ruger use .
fire as quickly as you can , while maintaining emilio , accuracy instructed .
the boy hefted both pistols , getting feel of their weight .
he knew hundreds of hours of experience , firing a big bore revolver that required different skills a smaller automatic caliber .
how many pounds the trigger ruger pressure ?
the boy asked .
i wonder if youre a situation where you have to use someone elses weapon whether youll be able to answer that you .
my guess do not emilio replied .
the boy shrugged .
youll never hurt to ask .
he calculated the distance and then began firing weapons alternating rapidly , but not in an uncontrolled manner .
a pair of cans filled which theyd water leaks water .
after emptying both weapons in their direction , they walked over to inspect the results .
six possible revolver hits five found their mark .
all nine of the emilio loaded theirs ruger theirs .
not bad .
i guessed you would n't hit any of the revolver .
the only problem is , one of the one you ca n't hit it might be one who needed you to save your life .
well need more practice in this things switch up with you .
and i want to start practicing shooting while running or riding the vehicle soon .
this was high emilio praise grudging his accolades .
the boy smiled .
he understood his performance was extraordinary .
nobody he knew was done it .
but the emilio was right .
there was no room for error , and no satisfaction to have had almost great .
emilios only concern the boy as the inevitable matured he showed to his daughter of jasmine .
she was younger than a year of boy , but already beauty , thankfully reflecting in her mothers genes rather than emilios .
mother died jasmines when she was five , leaving emilio on the shoulder of the burden assisted her of raising his sister and mother .
return which raised ladies as he called them jasmine while he was working .
the only quirk shed shown deep occult interest , no doubt driven by a frustrated desire to somehow relate to her departed mother .
emilio was worried , but the ladies assured him it was just a phase , a way to appear more mysterious as she came in age .
the emilios days consisted of working for the boy and horses .
once both children were home in school , his attention focused almost exclusively of the boy , leaving jasmine trained in the ladies feminine ways around the world .
this is n't because of any lack of love for a emilios part .
on the contrary , he lived on jasmine .
he rationalized that this was natural , and hopefully also pass .
she just needed other women to learn whatever it had learned they while he taught the boy how to do masculine things .
culiacan was the nearest large city drive half an hour to the ranch .
it had a number of martial arts schools specializing in karate judo , and a kung fu .
a boy of convinced emilio warranted his development for three week classes .
his classmates treated him as polite and cautious deference on at that point .
he did n't mix the rest of his peers and showed no interest in friendships with casual greetings-in-passing the halls .
they were children who had given excitement or emotional flights , whereas he was almost an adult , always restrained .
he was quiet and withdrawn and tended to keep himself preferring to limit his mingling to jasmine in the recess .
they had grown close to virtue of their shared figure of male authority .
it was a brother-sister relationship for most part , but the ladies cautioned both emilio and jasmine things have to change once they both matured .
shortly after he turned sixteen , and fifteen she occurred to be inevitable , the two inseparable became spite of the admonitions adults .
the boy had grown gangly gangly , the self-possessed , young man who looks to made a glance of females around him twice , and jasmine radiated to the dazzling beauty of behold .
so what are you up to ?
ever the same .
last days after year school and a constant practice with your father .
ah , practice yes .
thats got to get old for a while , she said , offering a gleaming smile .
the boy eyed the proceedings with interest in the marginal , his attention drawn more , jasmines smooth skin and flashing eyes for anything equestrian-related .
when the show was over , the electricity seemed to crackle the jasmine and the boy , an unspoken but as powerful as a lightning strike .
come on .
the boy nodded , swallowing hard to dry his mouth suddenly and they walked to the edge of the clearing and then the heavy woods surrounding the ranch .
where are you going ?
he asked , but she did n't answer anything but shush as she led the way .
the heat of the day was built in the muggy low-nineties in the approaching storm , and was palpable to change the atmosphere into water .
i just wanted to get away for a while .
its so hot in the house damned and nothing to do .
im bored , she complained , flashing her lips with a hint of a smile as she took the stream .
how about you ?
dont you get tired , every day , the same thing , never anything new .
its driving me crazy , he moved to the edge of the bank and picked up a small flat stone then tossed it in the swirling current .
who would n't ?
he admitted , and then they both fell silent contemplating a surge of gentle streams .
jasmine sat down in the water and then lay back on the grass considering the sparse configuration , the puffy clouds overhead as though they held some sort of secret .
hed always been easy as her presence bred familiarity for years of proximity , but now suddenly everything different felt and he did n't think anything to say .
a warm breeze stirred through the surrounding trees , and for a moment , stood last , stood still for the lingering instant perfection as though it was forever last .
jasmine on him rolled and reached up with a trembling hand , then pulled him down to her , no words required .
he hesitated for a brief instant and then he was lying next to her , her scent vaguely floral as inviting as anything hed ever dreamt of .
his lips found hers and his eyes closed even as hers remained open , a faraway look at them , neither recognized .
boys , a tentative gentleness gradually shifted into more aggressive confidence , and soon the urgency were in the building for him dictated by its own pace .
despite her rhythm , his new unfamiliar hunger matched now to control her , in need for a little more than smolder suddenly flaring up to become a out-of-control blaze .
im hot .
come on .
obvious its wonderful that she invited and he glanced down at his shirt and pants evidence of his arousal .
as the day of fog passed their appetites finally unleashed the forbidden secrets of each others , now the bodies of the accessible wonder to be explored .
a couple of time found a sneak away even while near-constant watch , as young lovers often do confounding the best intentions of their guardians .
theyd spend long hours with each others arms in the barn or hidden away from one of the recesses of the main house , or their original spot rendezvous in the stream .
fully once , theyd discovered their passion that they had crossed whod crossed the long dry desert and found themselves the oasis .
their coupling soon became daily event and for the first time in his life , the boy found himself enraptured into another human being .
even the boy was willing to entertain entertain the quirky ideas of reality nature and indulged penchant for her in spirituality and paranormal had gradually had a borderline obsession .
every other utterance was the fate of her what or stars wanted to be a boy who attributed her exotic nature and bored intellect .
even though don miguel ever hardly evidence , he insisted the boy protected all times as though the ranch attack was imminent .
this is just another way to which he is different from his cartel brethren , he 's meticulous planner and left nothing by the chance .
that stood beside him in good stead in his life he ever-vigilant possible threats to his family or entourage .
the young couple leaned on their bicycles in front of the house and hand-in-hand ascended three rickety steps .
jasmine knocked on the door and sun-bleached paint flakes , dusted her knuckles , the sound of their arrival echoing the cinderblock walls .
after a considerable pause , the weathered door opened the weathered ancient woman wearing a shawl of gauze red gypsy trimmed with small gold coins .
she fixed them on both one-eyed stare , lost the vision of her other eye long ago .
the boy felt like a momentary revulsion when he saw her milky-white pupil , but his reaction hid and braved a tentative smile .
so , this is a young man .
welcome , jasmine , mi amor .
look at him .
one strapping yes ?
handsome , you are right about that and strong , bull id wager .
come in come in , madame sirena , gesturing , gesturing for the interior of her claw-like hand .
sit on the table .
lets see what we have , eh ?
first , look at your palm and see what gods written to you in terms of love and lifeand then do reading .
she peered them into the gloom , a crafty expression on her wizened face .
the bowl and money disappeared quickly , and then , madame moved into the room , lighting , lighting and incense .
the overall effect was somewhat clumsy , but effective , the local peasantry was he supposed .
what jasmine had found him so fascinating to it was all fascinating , but if it made her happy so ?
her fascination accepting the judgment seemed to be a small enough price to pay to find heaven in her embrace .
the crone approached the table and switched on a dusty yellow lamp hanging ; the intricate brocade shade directed most of the light in the center of the table .
she sat across from the boy and gestured to him .
give me your hand .
right a hand .
palm up .
just relax .
this wo n't hurt .
much , she assured him , then cackled .
he wondered shed gotten her act on central casting a kind of c-level horror , the kind of local cinemas popular badly dubbed subtitles for spanish or blurry .
still , he played along and dutifully placed his hand on the table .
the woman took it from hers and made a variety of sounds intended as a signal of deep thought , no doubt .
i see that your love line is clear .
you only have a real one love your life and it is early your time here .
your lifeline is different .
its long , but many breaks has signaling something unusual .
maybe illness , maybe brushes death ?
but it continues , so you can prevail it allhmmmm .
this went on for a while and he feigned polite interest to generalities ambiguous in his possible future .
of course early with jasmine sitting there , listening , love , and intense and genuine , held the element of truth .
when he was in jasmine , he felt an eagle soaring through the clouds .
his feelings were her intensity was almost scary .
it gave her power to him , his training advised him to recoil from .
still , hormones not to be denied and he was smitten , that was sure .
this is the tarot .
it all knows all and tells .
nobody will hide the tarot of the tarot and its words possess the wisdom of the ages .
sure they do .
pesos my pesos is worth to be exact .
canned canned tunes and the gypsy act .
he wished shed been on for it .
her woman began the ritual and the end paused shed revealed all the cards .
absently boy , photos of the stained wall were studying her his attention caught in the raven photograph , or perhaps a crow perched on a barbed-wire fence .
something chilled it to his blood , but he did n't know why .
hed tuned into her prattle as his gaze roamed the images thinking of thoughts worthy of his energy rather than listening to superstitious mumbo-jumbo .
his awareness grudgingly returned to the table , pulled the crow photo as madame putative contemplated meaning the cards .
she pointed several of a trembling finger .
this was death .
its reading placement was ominous .
it was signal for many things , but in this sequence it was hints that you were constantly surrounded by death .
the droning woman continued , but the boy was out zoning again .
gee , good , guess .
youre living with culiacan on don miguel , as your protector and benefactor are going to be surrounded by death .
what a stretch and a surprise to one and all .
nonstop , weapons and survival , training jasmine had no doubt chatted about a woman about being n't tipoff or anything .
hell , all he had to do was close his eyes and he could bring death on a fresh surface as though it only occurred just yesterday .
incredibly insightful , so far .
he was getting his moneys worth .
what next ?
and the defining card was this , the king of swords .
but its inverted .
which was a negative sign .
it would mean many things , most of which involve destruction and selfish in inverted consequences .
the boy asked , said shed finally interested something .
its upside down , the medium explained a tremulous voice .
not me , the boy observed .
he was sitting beside her .
they are both correct .
drew tense , close and abrupt close , a woman who suddenly anxious seeming rid of them .
no doubt she felt shed done her shtick enough for a hundred pesos and hoping for the more revenue for the day .
she had n't responded well , the boys mockery of reading as theyd pedaled taking it from a personal affront to her sacred beliefs .
in retrospect , he had chosen his few words more kindness .
the bullshit was misinterpreted misinterpreted , as superstitious idiocy .
whatever the womans ability to divine the future , one thing forever changed that afternoon on .
jasmine and he had never been the same , which he attributed directly from vicious old black predictions .
the old crone had the ability to foretell the future , all right , that shed initiated a subtle campaign to undermine their relationship for who knew what reason ?
but he quickly learned that the power of the superstition was significant that the lesson he could carry forward with him in life .
the previous months passed the topic of how to deal with a romantic fait-accompli often aired the elders in the compound .
it was a constant sticking point in emilio and ladies .
emilio opinion , if the boy is going to sampling his bounty of precious hothouse flowers , he plan on getting married , the sooner the better .
the ladies argued with any sort of confrontation , because partially who he was , as well as mitigating their youth .
neither jasmine nor the boy was aware of the seething disagreement of their trysts caused not either of them particularly interested in opinions of older adults .
the youth arrogance inevitably believed its supremacy , and young typically convinced the aged had a little grasp of how modern world worked .
the boy lapped it up growing more each day and eventually moved his infatuation with jasmine even as she showed no further appetite for him .
it was that sixteenth summer he made a mental resolution to the impenetrable island and aloof , using others at his convenience , but nothing more .
for the first time in his life hed opened up and entrusted the jasmine of his heart , only to repaid her spitting his face in his trouble .
his rigid training provided a solution to never allow anyone to get close , never reveal your true self and never care .
and so it was that he had found a useful philosophy that afforded him some relief for his time in confused pain .
the others had no innate value to him beyond what they would do to further his agenda or meet his demands .
they were objects only existed by minor planets orbiting within his solar system , in which he was a sun that giver life and the worlds destroyer .
the boy had a slim interest in considering the ramifications of his chosen worldview .
his training had now consumed all of his free hours as he sought it would exceed that even the highest bars emilio would conjure challenges .
hed increased his dojo at the dojo five times a week and quickly mastered most of the techniques offered .
he had ravenous intellect with any his instructors had ever seen a young man who do or whatever he wanted .
the remainder of his sixteenth year was spent in rigorous pursuit of excellence , whether they were a physical intellectual or defense-related endeavors .
his teen years was the defining period where he honed his proficiency on the edge of razors .
emilio sought discipline that instill instill yielded incredible dividends .
the boy was almost superhuman with his commitment and self-possession .
it was as though providence had blessed him with a surplus of fitness and acuity .
satisfied that time he was due to turn seventeen emilio was satisfied with his boy work .
hed made the transition from the boy to the young man , and the world was now his playground to do as he liked .
chapter eleven 4 years ago the veracruz was in mexico in the navy base , the veracruz expansive , crawling personnel and equipment .
this is the primary headquarters in the gulf region and where the specialized training of the countrys equivalent of the seals took a place of fuerzas especiales , or special forces .
this elite team of fighters had just created the reorganization , navys infantry infantry infantry .
they were mexicos ultimate squad of the ninja to be used to most dangerous of the circumstances ; most of the missions were hazardous .
the young man departed abruptly in sinaloa , hed floated through mexico for a few months , creating the appropriate paperwork so he could join the navy using a virgin identity .
he was quickly impressed by his commanding officers of his supernatural weapons capabilities and placed a fast track for a new group .
he was a dream candidate for a job , an athletic young , prodigy smart guns prodigy and extremely tough .
it if had ever vocation specially made him one of the new commandos navy .
even motto resonated with him , espiritu espiritu , sabiduria .
the spirit force and wisdom .
he had all three in abundance and hed arrived in the perfect place to continue the education hed begun to emilio .
hed signed up for a few months his seventeenth birthday , although his new paperwork was put to his age by eighteen and a half .
that was the necessary artifice as his name selection so he could start anew , any baggage in his past .
the young man was now calling himself raul terenova as good as any other , he supposed .
names unimportant him .
they were disposable as most of everything in his life .
the raul who excelled in brutal training conditions , excelled in which truth was kinder , and more relaxed as the ones hed imposed himself in years .
but he learned a lot , especially the side of the explosives .
there was nothing military to proffer the kind of training you just do n't get a civilian life , no matter what you did .
he became a model of all men demanding more than himself more than anything mustered by his trainers .
young raul had motivated far more than any of his classmates to get all he could for his years of service .
he viewed his military time with a stepping stone , whereas his peers would go on to soldiers career .
none of which he told his recruiting officer .
with basic training , he stood out as far from the quality of the other green recruits .
his exams written scores was floored by the instructors .
the smart candidate of blisteringly was here in swim , fish , shoot a marksman and had physical prowess in a professional athlete .
today , they are working on , specialized in sniping , a long range considered anything about thousand meters or almost thirty-three hundred feet .
such extreme distances came a variety of elements , play , the wind strength and direction of elevation temperature and a rate of movement if it was n't a stationary target .
while recorded recorded snipers killing successfully killing twenty-four more hundred meters , those considered anomalies .
sixteen hundred meters mile away from the target .
targets of days exercise , confirmed distance of thousand meters , or roughly three mile quarters .
many snipers would have preferred smaller .338 rifles , precision caliber , and an official sniper rifle rifle , psg1 the heckler & koch firing round of 7.65 millimeter round .
each cadet cadet was assigned to the coach that gave the firing order and then received a down-field report .
accuracy dropped markedly off once crossed the threshold of a hundred seven meter , and there were few who could deliver the precise hits for over eight hundred .
what does your nose tell you ?
the coach raul asked .
the moderate humidity .
guesstimate , wind speed and direction .
seven ten north-east knots , raul , replied .
thirty degrees celsius .
were going to do this on the computer .
purely based on your observations .
if youre confident your observations will adjust your bearings accordingly .
good luck , the coach said and then stepped back , leaving the young man for himself .
the raul was concentrated on controlling his breathing , and soon his entire awareness synthesized into the tiny world through the scope .
hed long ago , never to pull the trigger , learned as it could throw off accuracy .
best for a deliberate squeeze .
the radio crackled and the back report came .
a bulls-eye .
good shooting .
they repeated exercise for ten shots , all of which had landed a ten inch grouping .
i think done here , young man .
that was impressive shooting .
the raul looked up at the coach .
he emboldened his success and wanted to try personal best .
he got along well with the man so he floated his idea .
why do n't we try it fifteen-hundred meters ?
just to make it interesting .
raul suggested .
the coach looked at him like he was crazy .
pretty cocky , huh ?
thats an impossible range of that weapon and that ammo range , not to mention that scope .
you want to put the money on it ?
the coach asked .
fifteen hundred meters just a mile away and an absolute maximum of the target rifles human-sized range away .
two hundred pesos says i nail it three five .
although i agree this ammo crap that distance .
id prefer to load it to myself in better consistency , but hey , raul said .
but three misses we go home and im two hundred richer .
the coach got over the radio and issued the instructions the man downrange downrange obligingly moved to the target at the farthest field point before taking cover .
its your funeral .
fire when ready , said the coach .
raul took his time made further adjustments to the scope , then repeated his process of meditation where he became one of the weapon .
the discharge almost startled him so focused on his concentration .
there was no need to wait for the radio to report .
he knew what it would say .
twenty bulls-eye centimeters from the center crackled over the radio .
ill be right or left .
or low or high .
tell him specific you would .
raul groused .
wide-eyed , the raul coach studied like he was on another planet , then posed a question .
the back response came .
shes right .
thats what i thought hed say .
the winds died down with hair in the last thirty seconds .
tell him clear , said raul .
once he got to go ahead , he repeated the impossible shot .
four more times .
all the shots were grouped at foot variance .
the coach gladly handed the pesos of two hundred to the most astounding most marksmanship display hed ever witnessed .
youre the fucking monster , you know that .
thats voodoo shit , right there .
ive never seen anything about it and ive been teaching ten years over .
that i was one of the top three marksmen in mexico , the coach acceded , studying him kind of wonder .
those can those who do both men laughed together in spite of the twenty-five-year difference of age .
raul again never shoot that accuracy from that distance , preferring his performance limit to more average expectations .
it would n't do to show off or to develop too much of reputation .
better , one of a million day had and then a third of the top class graduate at the top .
he remembered emilios sage counsel from when he would just sprout .
youll never show too much of your hand .
there is to give your enemies information to make a gift .
and friends had become enemies .
so youll know how good for you , and then take private pleasure in that accomplishment .
becoming celebrated you makes target .
better to be in the middle of the herd when the hunters come to the head .
the raul evening enjoyed his place with the spotlight on his peers , as the news of his exploit were circulated .
the power of information and allowing no , inviting others to understand that his capabilities were foolhardy .
his goal was to drain what experience he could of the service and then slip away as a ghost .
it would serve no useful purpose to be noticed any more than he had already been .
at that point he would adopt the lower profile and continue accumulate accumulate on experience with his work there .
that night , as he lay his head on his bunk , he began silent mental countdown .
when he would begin his new new life .
the patience that he told himself was a virtue that would pay enormous dividends it became his bedtime mantra .
he needed to maximize his learning while he was still in school .
thats how he viewed his life as a point hed arrived at it was his education .
time would come soon when the pupil proved himself to be master , but now he had lessons to absorb .
and he still needed more hours for a scuba time , as well as some orientation of flying planes and helicopters .
the latter two were n't curriculum but he lobbying get them added .
you never know too much .
visions of his future cascading from his awareness , he slowly drifted off into sleep , his days finally toil in the end .
the flag was flying at the panamanian old caruso , at least forty forty years old and made a long trip to the south countless america .
the dark paint on her dented steel sides bubbled the rivets into the underlying rust .
she looked at her last legs as many of the freighters made their way to the busy deep port water .
it was an ingenious design that had taken the modifications of place at a discreet colon shipyard in panama while the other refits had attended to .
it is far more ergonomic to use the militarys muscle instead of your own , and if rivals got the firefight in the process , so much the better .
the marines were considered long for the only incorruptible military branch .
the army was notoriously riddled with rot , but marines , for whatever reason , had n't bought off and so most feared the law enforcement branches .
in mexico , the army and navy worked with police and federales as internal security included battling drug cartels , especially in recent reorganization , more specialized groups .
the total army budget was the less percent of the gdp , which put it at a billion dollars .
that was in contrast to over fifty billion dollars a year as wholesale value of cocaine moved to the cartels .
eighty , ninety percent margin , narcotraficantes left vastly greater resources in the army .
since the mexicans trafficking had taken colombians cocaine and had begun in earnest manufacturing methamphetamines had gotten crazy money .
the colombia profits are still significant to one of the two hundred percent markup of the mexicans , but the margin of trafficking internationally is five tenfold .
the incredible margins was a direct illegality function of substances from the target market for the united states .
but keeping illegal substances , especially since they are a huge demand that profits caused to go to the roof .
in mexico , the brunt of the violence that ensued at the struggles of power bore principally because it was the geographic gateway to the largest market in drugs around the world for the united states .
within the range six meters of the closest point , a cakewalk closest to him , it was not a breeze gusting from the twenty knot hed need to factor in .
this was his first active operation since graduating from special forces on course , so he felt the tingle in anticipation before finally testing his skills in the real-world environment .
shooting targets , paper or silhouettes at the range , was one thing but another it was thick , enemies shooting back , quite another .
this operation was a tricky one that the commander did n't want to get a battle battle if he did n't have to .
raul questioned the logic involved , but did n't say anything .
hed had a high-speed tender secured in ships , the stern of the get-away contingency and also had a man watching the water approach , just in case .
because you never really knew you had to expect an unexpected .
but it was n't his place to second-guess his superiors and he was interested to see how the exercise could play out .
he gave the marines a less twenty percent chance of taking the ship into the battle meant hed see some real action .
the distance was albeit , but the truth would have preferred that .
long ago hed concluded it was far safer to sniping from afar to hero rushing through a hail of slugs .
that would leave his peers .
hed pick his surgical precision targets before they knew what hit them .
with two large norwegian rats on the wharf , the dock scurried away from the ship and two smoking men .
these big rodents their bodies good inches long , with tails to match the scavengers the size of a small dogs .
the area had infested the pier behind them , and the city had long ago given up trying to bring the control population .
raul studied the ships battered bridge for signs of life , slowly scanning the superstructure and taking his time with each helms reinforced windows .
he knew his reading , designed for oceangoing vessels to withstand the seas up on sixty feet of height ; the theory the waves did n't get any larger than that .
of course , the waves of a hundred foot rogue waves recorded some regularity in the industry , because if you built the ships those survive , they would be too expensive .
his night-vision scope illuminated the bridge with eerie green .
there were two armed sentries visible from the superstructure , outside one of the bridge walkway and the other inside .
he could just make out a gleam with binoculars of interior , so the opinion of the rauls , the chances of the commanders scheme working less than zero diminished .
he was glad it was n't his line ass for this one .
virtually anything other than a direct assault on the dock .
no wonder the military casualties in the drug wars so high .
operational plans amounted to charge to brandishing the saber and screaming .
little expectation of anything but blood bath .
he did n't envy his fellow commandos in their duty tonight .
there was no way this well go .
he adjusted his scope to compensate for the wind stiffening and calculate the distance to his laser rangefinder .
seventy-four meters six-hundred .
like fish shooting a barrel , he thought , allowing himself to the private luxury of a small smile .
smile anything but reassuring .
the commander gave signal and two undercover men exited the building , holding one of the mescal bottle in his hand and talking loudly for the inebriated slur .
theyd when the six total men at the gangplank were , the ship theyd the breach and more pour out of the building and reinforce them there .
they had two vehicles waiting to race out filled with men armed on the gangplank of fifteen seconds at the given signal time .
it seemed like raul to be suicide , but it was n't his job to craft a better plan .
he was only there to shoot he was now positioned perfectly to do .
it was inefficient that which offended his sense of symmetry more than anything .
he watched as the two men staggered their way to the pier and then returned his full attention to the bridge .
the operatives undercover pair of time they made it two sentries was out of sight the bridge , due to the angle of the hull .
unless of course the two guards moved , which case the case was a disaster or alternatively aborted need .
walking headfirst through the killing zone is generally generally bad strategy anywhere in the world not just mexico , and he ca n't see barreling forward , if the plan is doomed to failure .
at least he hoped not .
carrying the exterior sentry of the bridge , machine pistol , some sort that looked at it with an uzi to raul .
that meant useful range and accuracy .
an antiquated uzi design to the effective range of two hundred meters fine by the typical urban close-quarter combat , lousy applications requiring accuracy in the distance .
its effective range , five-hundred-meter , and extremely high muzzle velocity , made it ideal choice of assault applications more compensated for its relatively small size for slug .
hed fired all three of the emilio for years and to reassemble any of them in a matter of seconds so he knew whereof he spoke .
their luck was n't going well so far .
the two smoking sentries moved by the men , so take any engagement in place at the plain sight of the bridge .
that would mean a full-blown firefight with no cover , likely a very high toll on the special forces side .
he exhaled , his mind stilling in preparation for an imminent attack , and zeroed in sentrys , barrett m82 sniper sniper rifle in the upper torso .
the bridge man is still on his biggest concern .
it will show time .
he fixed the target on the crosshairs of the crosshairs and waited for instruction .
the commander was watching approach and not liking what he saw .
he understood raul if the sentries of the bridge had n't become assault unawares by a slaughterhouse of his men taking heavy casualties .
after struggling to internal debate , the commander murmured the system com .
the mission was aborted .
shit hissed as the commander and began pacing , mulling his choices .
now theyd probably have just pull up the armored vehicles and do this a hard way shooting it out in no element of surprise .
taking out a single sentry almost a thousand meters , do n't really much challenge .
it was a single shot .
maybe two if they send someone to find some armor-piercing rounds .
i have a word .
raul asked .
the commander regarded him with surprise .
raul one of his best men , but he never spoke .
he was a loner , no close corps relationships .
this was n't a great moment .
yes , sir .
i know , sir .
very well .
make it quick , barked the commander .
we need to coordinate the frontal assault before this goes on much longer .
permission to approach , sir .
get on with it .
raul moved to the commanders side and spoke in a low calm tone , explaining his ideas and arguing for the amphibian assault .
the commander listened carefully and then cut him off forty-five seconds .
that would require far more stealth and luck than weve had tonight .
no , i think well be a good frontal assault and take our punches .
the raul was considered arguing at the point and then decided he did n't care that much .
hed still get to shoot a couple of bad guys , at least and what he would care for the end if the squad were mowed half down .
yes , sir .
thank you for hearing me out , sir .
if going to do a frontal , i please get the magazine of armor-piercing rounds .
come in , handy to take out the gunman from the raul requested bridge .
the commander nodded and called com one of the team members waiting for the next building .
twenty minutes .
have em ?
well move thirty .
the commander spun around and began issuing orders in preparation for the brute-force assault .
theyd need a couple of personnel armored couple enough to carry forty men .
the fallback plan was much more straightforward .
drive up the ship !
deploy men if no firing takes place and seize the ship .
if the sentries or crew decided to shoot it out , the blast away from everything in sight and shoot their way through the crew ship , either surrendered or dead .
it was inelegant and result of a lot of flying bullets , but it had a simplicity benefit .
raul thanked him and emptied half of one of the spare magazines , counting out five shells and replacing them with five armor-piercing rounds .
he ejected the current bullet into the rifle and chambered in one of the new armor-piercing cartridges , then returned to watching the sentries with his night-vision scope .
the commander checked his watch , and precisely three-forty a.m. , the assault was ordered to which everything happened quickly .
two gray btr-70s that resembled small tanks , more anything else rumbled by the corner and out on the pier followed by two hulking trucks .
sentries froze at the dock , staring disbelief at numb from the apparition and then hurriedly scuttled up the gangplank and disappeared up the ship .
one mans head reappeared for a few seconds and then the gangplank collapsed onto the concrete pier below .
the crash immediately followed almost to a watertight steel door slamming the boom shut .
as it was barred within , the grinding of the cogs was audible halfway across the dock , even the baritone growl of the vehicles .
it was going to be considerably harder to take the freighter now because traffickers was forewarned .
raul took the situation for a few moments , waiting for the right instant and squeezed the trigger .
the guns boom is deafening .
after the ringing of the ears , he watched with satisfaction as both sentry standing on the bridge and the man collapsed inside .
hed timed it so he fired when the man was the outside front directly to the man of the bridge , effectively killing the two birds in one armor-piercing stone .
no reason to waste his precious ammo after all .
he swiveled his attention to the hull where he could just make out heads popping up here and there , a nocturnal whack-a-mole version of a fairground stall .
wearing a baseball cap wearing the man leaned against the railing and his weapon was fired from the vehicles below .
raul caressed the trigger again and watched the head vaporized shooters .
moving down the line , he waited in the opening and took out another .
he was now four down three shells contribution he felt fair the ensuing train wreck of the operation .
after that , the commandos and traffickers had left and classic mexican standoff .
shooting stopped , the other ship with a lone gunman who had n't made it inside in time , but the bulk of the bridges tower , and so the rauls line of sight .
firing two btr-70s also stopped though the entire waterfront area was still resonated with receding the echoes of gunfire .
the commander of orders barked the radio and men emptied the personnel carriers and took up the position to mount the assault .
the men below flung three grappling hooks affixed to the black nylon rope on the edge of the hulls .
the four-pronged hooks found all of the purchase .
raul decided to shift his position and moved to a row of warehouse windows until he placed more symmetrically and see down the entire length of the ship .
he set his rifle tripod down , careful not to jar the weapon and resumed peering through the scope .
there at the farthest end of the ship was a stern right there , taking the cover of the three-foot-high lip of the edge of the boats deck .
raul calculated in the distance and added additional forty yards and adjusted accordingly , then waited for the mans head to pop back up .
raul took his shot and the mans head dissolved into the bloody spray of fragments .
the deck was now empty , although it was still ugly fighting the ship .
not his problem .
the commander of the squad gave all-clear signal and commandos commandos were moving swiftly up the ropes toward the ship above .
sure enough , one of the glass hatches on the side opened and the gun barrel poked out .
the first commandos was only a few feet from the edge so he only had before for the second that theyd exposed the gunman .
raul fired and the assault rifle tumbled harmlessly from the deck below , taking three mans quarters , taking an arm around it .
that would give the rest of something to think about .
out there it was an incursion out of a textbook .
they had to use explosives to blow the doors open , and in fifteen minutes the hull of gunfire bursts echoed through the boats .
eventually , the commander got all the clear men call inside and report the status .
theyd taken six hostiles out , no survivors and lost nine men in the process .
raul , the recitation listened impassively , his face betraying nothing .
the commander glanced at him as he heard a casualty assessment , but the raul was busy packing up his gear , finished for his night work .
the commander approached him and stopped a few feet away , studying the silent sniper as he finished stowing his weapon in a long padded case .
great shooting .
you saved a lot of lives tonight , said the commander .
instead , he nodded and stood , shouldering the case of the rifle and hoisting his bag .
thank you , sir .
i had some lucky shots tonight .
we are all fortunate .
there theres nothing more to say , he saluted his free hand before descending the stairs to join the remainder of his team .
it was a long stretch of duty , bodies , and the drugs were inventoried recovered , and he wanted to get out of sight of the commanders his contempt for the man , his veneer leaked .
it was n't worth it .
most of the world is composed of idiots , commander simply dolt , many one , and nothing raul said or change things .
it was that night of his first live operation , he realized hed probably already learned that everything he was going to be military .
time had already come after little year of service to reconsider his options .
to make matters worse , he has witnessed countless acts of bumbling bureaucracy ranking bumbling , costing men to their command casualties for no good reason .
although he had different ideas about how he service them .
he was now shy of three months on his nineteenth birthday and free to do as he was pleased .
yet there was some unfinished business he needed to attend back to sinaloa before he moved on for the next phase of his life .
hed learned to trust his judgment with these things so he hopped into the bus and the long veracruz trip began to culiacan .
wearing a special forces commando uniform , he afforded the privilege of the company of the bus so thankfully it would cost him almost nothing to cross the nation .
in two days hed left his naval career behind , he descended the stairs to culiacan , blinking in the bright sunlight of the early spring day .
in forty-two cramped hours of buses , there was eating whatever junk he could get the irregular stops , his first order of business would have a decent meal .
he was set off in search of a restaurant at his back favorite day .
at the terminal , he hailed the cab , reciting the address from memory of the driver as he slid into the back seat .
the young man changed into the town hed last as had city itself growing in leaps and bounds .
the boy left and returned to the man .
in the taxi , the restaurant arrived in la chuparrosa enamorada nestled in the banks of canal rosales .
the young man paid the driver and stepped out onto the pavement hoisting his duffle as he studied the faade of the restaurant .
it was tuesday , so the business was thin for breakfast , who n't had case it was the weekend .
the place typically had a standing-room crowd of saturdays and sundays due to generous portions of mouthwatering food and a soothing ambiance of waterside .
he had been there a few times a emilio on special occasions and it was one of the things in his mind since boarding a veracruz bus .
this sleepy area seemed things to always remain the same even as the city grew by an unprecedented rate .
the waitress arrived , a heaping breakfast platter , and as he tucked in he ran down his mental list .
first thing he would need to do with secure reliable transportation .
taxis were n't going to be the option of what he had in mind , so hed need to get some sort of conveyance sooner rather later .
his bankroll was as thin as it was , that meant something was stealing , or probably several somethings depending on how far he decided to travel .
he munched his food savoring the rich , spicy sauce and cleaned his plate dishwasher as efficiently .
he paid the bill and strolled out to rural road , stuffed surroundings scanning something he could liberate opportunistically .
in seconds , he was in the cab scanning the surrounding street to ensure he would n't detected .
it took him ten seconds to find the wires in the ignition , and soon he was meandering down the familiar road that led to don miguels estate .
the landscape was still verdant and wild , introduced by the nature of the seemingly impatient to encroach a slim progress man .
when he was a quarter quarter mile from the ranch , he pulled the old truck from the dirt track that led to the wilds and parked where it had n't seen the road .
it was cool in february so he barely broke the sweat as he moved effortlessly through the foliage .
he paused momentarily , ears straining for any hint of habitation , but he detected nothing .
the main house was deserted none of the security men everywhere when hed been living there .
no matter he did n't come anything in the house .
he wanted to see his emilio mentor and of course his daughter .
the young man continued over the perimeter and track until he reached the caretakers house reposed in several hundred yards in the woods .
he knew that trail of it hed only yesterday be placed loosely flagstone that served as the driveway too too familiar to his feet .
surprisingly , he felt the buzz of anxiety in the pit of his stomach as he neared the front door with altogether an alien sensation for him .
pausing on the front porch , he registered there was something different home in the last time hed seen it , almost two years ago .
it seemed quiet , as though nobody was living much there much of the main estate appeared in the distance .
there it sat unchanged , next to the small econo-box chevy emilio bought jasmine on his bonuses , don miguel .
he moved back to the porch and knocked again .
open the door .
its meim back he yelled .
inside , he heard a faint rustling and then jasmines a distinctive voice .
go away .
are you nothing here ?
open the door .
i need to talk to your father .
its important , he tried again .
hes dead .
everyones dead .
my father , his sister and his mother miguel .
theres left only me now and i do n't want to see you .
just leave .
now go and stay away , warned jasmine .
how is that possible ?
whats happened since i left ?
tell me jasmine .
just open the door .
i do n't want to have this conversation on the wood slab .
i just travelled for a thousand miles to see jasmine on the youplease .
im begging you .
i need to see you .
no , you do n't .
you left a word for anyone and now come to death in the valley and its only me left alive and you .
do yourself a favor , and now leave while you can , implored jasmine on him .
if you do n't open the door , break in .
you know , i will find a way .
please , jasmine .
this is gone long enough .
open a damned door , so we speak to adults .
i need to know what happenedand i need your help , he finished hoping the appeal to appeal to her .
he could understand she did not want to see him , but there were too many unanswered questions for him to take no an answer .
the seemingly eternal pause rattled the lock , and the door creaked open .
it was dark in the small living room that pulled all the drapes , he saw as jasmine padded bare feet back to the chair in front of the television and sat .
she was wearing a nightgown , even though it was close to noon .
it was so dim he could hardly make her out .
we turn on the light or open the window .
i do n't see my own hand in front of me .
iim , it was comfortable with this .
this is my house now , so i keep like i am in the way .
if you have a problem with it , leave jasmine , in the monotone .
what the hell is going on here ?
even two years , people do n't change that much .
what happened ?
no problem .
you want it to be dark , i like it in the dark .
we start over .
tell me what your father happened , emilio .
start beginning .
i have n't had any news since i left .
i see you have a uniform .
is that what you happened ?
you ran away and joined the navy .
thats classic .
total clich , she exclaimed with a bitter laugh .
its a little more complicated than that .
but tell me your father .
when you left , you got out just in time .
someone had executed miguel , as well as one of his lieutenants , either that same day or day after .
i do n't really remember now so much happened so quickly .
anyway , nobody knew what to do and it was chaos here .
but a word traveled fast because before don miguel was ground to his rivals where fighting over how divided his empire up .
it escalated quickly to the usual feud with blood , and soon the culiacans streets were littered with dead , explained jasmine .
the drug lord disappeared into the chaos followed by no one much cared what happened to the boy .
and your father ?
one night several trucks showed up in the house and we heard gunfire .
he was executed a few remaining staff in houseand then he came to us .
my father had several guns and he tried to defend us and even killed three of altamars henchmen , but nothing at the end of it .
there were too many of them and they shot him death out in front of the dog porchlike .
papahe is n't even business .
he just ran the horses and raised you her voice trailed off .
im sorry so jasmine .
ii do n't know what to say nothing to say .
after killing him , they broke down the door being dragged by my grandmother and outside auntie and shot them at the head .
good god .
god ithank you escaped , but i do n't n't see you .
i tried to shoot them , but i was shaking too much and missed my first shot .
so then they came into the history of the restis meand , she said flatly .
what happened to jasmine ?
can you tell me ?
he did n't know how to react to the horrible story and was afraid to hear the rest , but he could n't help himself .
what happened ?
what happened ?
nobody is here to protect me from you gone and my family killed .
they took turns raping me , what happened over and over in half night ?
i passed out and when i came to they was raping me more .
it went on for hours .
i know nothing i say , or make anything better .
but these men will find and punish them for what they did you .
pay an added interest .
just go .
i do n't want your help .
my life was over before it had a chance to really begin .
its not your fault , but i do n't want to see you ever again .
you remind me of the beforewhen , i had hope of jasmine to listen to me .
theres still hope .
i know what happened horrible and you stay forever , but theres always hope .
make this right , or at least your family will avenge you and the young man promised .
no , you wo n't .
and no no hope .
trust me .
