theres always hope , jasmine youre an idiot .
maybe for you , but not for me .
i did n't finish the story .
you do n't let me !
theyd always wear gloves , and mix it fifty parts water to one part acid .
it was the only thing that would remove the buildup .
altamar does n't wear gloves , and he wo n't mix it .
he just poured it into my face , laughing at my skin , with the fizzed with screaming agony .
the last thing i remember was trying to make it to the kitchen to rinse it with my face with water .
that 's probably saved my life .
she stopped and peered at him through the gloom .
i wish theyd killed me .
ive sat here many times ever since they released me to the hospital , wishing i was dead .
id kill myself , but it would damn my soul to hell forever , according to the priest who stops in occasionally to mitigate my torment .
so i sit in the dark and pray to an unlikely god to end my misery .
so far , hes ignored me , just the same as he ignored my familys cries for mercy .
jesus theres no jesus here .
theres only what they turned me into .
what did they me ?
theres only this .
jasmine leaned forward so that he could see her face in the dim light .
one side was the jasmine he remembered .
a beautiful serene now with the tears streaming freely above her cheek .
the other side of her face was an abomination .
the tendons and ligaments were exposed and for even two years of horrific event , it was a suppurating wet sorea picture of hell on earth incarnate .
the young man had seen plenty of death and savagery , despite his life , but even he was shocked , and he automatically recoiled from sight .
it was the most horrible thing hed ever seen .
he felt his gag reflex triggering as the pit of his stomach dropped out .
oh oh god , jasmine there was nothing to say .
no words anyone could say to make it better .
jasmine is right .
there was no hope .
it was one of the few places in mexico where altamar could armand let his hair down and relax .
he had n't been the war without anyone in time so he had a little to fear .
things were prospering under his iron rule and everyone was making a ton of money since hed taken over most of don miguels duties .
not so bad for a forty-year-old ex-enforcer who had come up from the streets , fighting tooth and nail for anything he ever got .
hed been born in one of culiacans worst barrios , in a desperate den of poverty and filth that a few walked away from .
now he was running things to someone who had taken out the don .
it was a dream , come true , and he was making most of it .
every weekend , he would hire one of the most popular banda groups in sinaloa to play for his de facto private party at his bar .
not the winning was easy the spoils by any means .
a few months after the don had passed on to his just reward , culiacan had been a death zone .
the five or six different factions fought it out on his turf , and the streets literally run red with their blood .
the only way altamar had emerged victorious had been a combination of epic brutality , stealth , deceit and surprisingly willingness to compromise with his rivals .
and so the cautious truce had gone to effect .
the killing stopped , prosperity returned and everyone went back to doing what they were supposed to do , making the money a lot of money .
maybe not as much as if one man ran it all , as don miguel had , but then again , more than anyone could spend in a hundred lifetimes , just the same .
within four hundred and seventy , people had lost their lives for two months before the dons passing , at least according to the official count .
the actual number was more like double , that many left rotting in hidden fields for the carrion birds to pick apart or buried in shallow graves .
one particularly brutal week , the rivers had been chocked with bodies floating down from the marijuana fields .
it finally got to the point where those even accustomed to incredible violence , and brutality had been through enough , and so they worked out a truce .
hed proved his point .
if you crossed him , you your family , your servants and their families would be all slaughtered with seconds hesitation .
it was a stunningly effective campaign .
its a short but bloody end , he was in charge of a coalition of former rivals that were all still alive to spend their money .
true , hed made lifelong enemies due to his tactics , but he was n't worried .
nobody dared move toward him .
the price of even the slightest thing going wrong was the extermination of everyone you knew , everything you held precious .
the stakes were just too high , so he settled into his position with power of confidence , while always sleeping with one open eye .
in his entourage was a most dangerous and violent killers as the region , he made a huge point of advertising that fact .
they were men who drank the baby blood from breakfast and killed priests on coffee .
he had his pick of the most gorgeous young women , he was literally awash with cash and every comfort and the toy he desired .
he was feared and revered for his ruthlessness and his absolute power .
it was as close as you could get to being a demigod .
and it was good .
tonight , hed drinking tequila with his cousins , who were never far away from his side .
he surrounded himself with a family and made sure they also wanted to nothing .
their blood was bond hed repeat over and over when drunk .
altamar made sure that they understood that he was a hundred percent loyal to his family , and he expected nothing less in return but the same .
the threat is as clear as reward .
stick with altamar , and you live a happy and prosperous life .
get it in your head to betray him and hed do erase you on earth .
the combination of carrot and stick was highly effective .
at the club , the air was thick with a haze of cigarette and marijuana smoke .
the police avoided the building like it was radioactive , so there were no rules interior when its four walls , which were covered with cowboy regalia .
lassos , bridles , photos of prize bulls and horses , horseshoes .
myriad related paraphernalia adorned every inch of the place , giving it an air of a themed junk shop .
booths ringed both of the longer sides of the room , which featured an elaborate stage on one end and a long wooden bar on the opposite .
the straw had been scattered on the floor of an effort to create experience a more authentically rustic experience .
the overall tone of the establishment was a rowdy rural roadhouse , albeit fifteen minutes to a cosmopolitan city of a million in population .
many of the girls were their late teens to early twenties , with a fair mix of professionals , and those looking to find a generous narcotraficante sugar daddy .
it is a playground for men who lived at breakneck speed , to whom the light tomorrow was not guaranteed , and who denied themselves nothing .
outside the building , four discreetly armed men loitered a few feet from the entrance , providing the obligatory muscle would foolhardy so as to interrupt the fiesta with unpleasantness .
they were in their mid-twenties of the palpable air of menace and dispositions , which indicated their willingness to kill you just as readily as bum smoke .
two were ex-marines , the other two survivors of a lifetime on the street the four of them had tallied upon themselves at least ten times their number for killings .
the area at the club was a dense brush cleared to create a mammoth parking parking lot .
occasionally , another vehicle would pull off the main road and brave the hundred yards to the club , headlights briefly shining in the front of the establishment before finding a spot of the rest of the patrons .
the girls on either side of him were all smiles .
another round of tequila and beer arrived hastily , that altamar had waved down a waitress moments earlier .
the service staff did n't need to ask what kind it was always the same .
negra modelo and cazadores .
altamar liked the familiar , and he was a veritable drinking machine every friday and saturday night .
his cousins struggled invariably to keep up with him for an hour ; late got that deterred him not one iota .
hed having a private party later on a pair of youthful minxes accompanying him .
his two cousins eyed him with envious admiration even as their vision began to blur .
altamar had on the other hand , for being reputation for , likely helped by a plentiful chemical supplementation he had lavished on himself .
he looked around after delivering the hysterically funny punch-line to his latest story and delivered it again , louder for emphasis .
no doubt it would be even funnier the second time .
so i tell the fucker , what do you think of youre superman ?
all right , asshole , so youll have no problem flying .
and then i threw him off the roof of the building .
you know , in the end , he does n't fly so good .
he pounded the table again , killing himself with his wit .
his company drunkenly tittered the girls beaming toothy smiles , but he quickly lost interest in the ladies being called for nature .
altamar stood up unsteadily , and , after stabilizing himself on the table , woozily moved to the rear of the club , where he had the office with a private restroom .
altamar flicked through the overhead light and leaned against the wall for a second , as though the act of walking forty yards had sapped his energy .
he fiddled with the top , and after tearing it free , tapped out two fat lines of cocaine on the glass desktop .
he rolled up a hundred dollar bill and snorted them with gusto , wincing at a delicious burn as a drug hit his septum .
a complete augmentation , he moved to the bathroom and opened the door .
he failed to notice the shadow in the dark room or the quiet rustle before excruciating pain lanced through his head and everything went dark .
fifteen minutes later , his cousins realized altamar had been gone for a long time and staggered back to the office to check on him .
the door was locked , was n't unexpected .
the men on it pounded calling for him .
after getting no response to multiple efforts , they went and found two of altamars security detail , who swiftly broke the door down , guns drawn .
the black office was pitch .
when they turned on the lights , they were confronted by an empty room .
most sober of the cousins went through the window and pulled the blinds up , then yelled at the two guards , pointing toward the opening .
the music stopped two minutes later .
the fiesta was terminated abruptly .
armed men milled about uncertain , as to what to do with the cousin who discovered the window issued instructions and they raced through their vehicles .
altamar faded to and out of consciousness , unsure what was happening to him .
he was bouncing on the hard surface , felt the cool air blowing through him and the sense of motion .
he struggled to move , but his wrists and ankles were bound and he had the tape on his mouth .
he opened his eyes wider but did n't make anything out , something was blocking his vision .
eventually , altamar returned to a full awareness and this time he could see , albeit much clarity .
he blinked his eyes in a futile effort to clear his head , which was splitting from the blow .
he tried the other arm , also extended and met with the same resistance .
now fully alert , his respiration increased and he was flooded with a sense of panic .
when he tried to move his legs , he encountered the same problem he was immobilized , spread-eagled , his arms and legs wide stretched .
his nose registered a musty odor of long-abandoned horse stalls , and when his vision returned to near normal , he could see he was indeed , chained to the floor .
the dim light came from the pair of headlights through the closed barn door , where slim illumination crept through from the sides and onto the base .
altamar screamed , more a hoarse croak than anything , largely due to the effects on his vocal cords whatever hed been dosed with .
he paused for several seconds and heard a sound from the far end of the space .
the young man sauntered over unhurriedly and smiled humorlessly at altamar , causing his breath to catch in his throat and his blood to run cold .
he knew that look and knew what it meant .
he needed to take the initiative or this would far get worse .
do you fucking the cocksucker ?
ill cut your balls off and force you to eat them in front of me .
do you have any idea i am ?
altamar rasped at him .
the good defense is often a strong offense .
the young man smiled again , almost blithely , and responding , opened the barn door and sauntered out to the truck that was parked outside , returning in a few minutes with a lit kerosene lantern .
altamar heard the mans footsteps grow louder and then he was blinded by a blue-white flash .
his vision gradually returned and he was blinded by another .
the young man was taking photographs of him .
a spike of fear ran through altamar .
he decided to try a different approach .
im very very rich .
i will get you whatever you want , eh ?
how much money do you want ?
whats it going to take ?
altamar sensed that threats were n't going to have any effect , so hed appeal to greed , which was a constant in all humans .
it was n't a question of if it was a matter of how much .
the man just smiled again , shaking his head as if dealing with a child .
do you hear me ?
can i get you anything ?
millions of dollars !
in cash .
whats your number ?
what do you want ?
a million .
two million .
i get you two million dollars from phone call .
the young man considered the idea and then nodded .
i think id like to be a millionaire .
that sounds like it would be fun .
so you get me two million dollars , and then , once i have the money and im safe , ill release you .
ill unlock your chains and free to go .
you do n't know me , im so not worried about being found by your thugs .
how do we do this ?
the young man asked .
now , youre thinking .
my pocket .
i have the phone .
get it from me , and ill give you a number to call .
let me talk , and well set up getting you your money .
but how ?
how i get the money and know im safe and your men are n't watching me or following me .
he asked .
we can do it as ive done some of my deals .
we pick a remote location youre familiar with .
by the predetermined time , the man had come and put the bag into money wherever you were like , and then , leave .
you will wait as long as you want , and then retrieve the money .
its a standard drop .
we will do it all the time , altamar explained .
good thinking .
i think i can improve on that .
i have an idea that work .
and then he explained what he wanted .
altamars eyes widened .
very smart .
ive never heard of anything like that before .
i see what youre trying to do .
it will be impossible to follow you that way .
okay , make the call .
do we have a deal ?
you will get your money for me you and let me go , right ?
im a man with my word .
how do i know youll do as you say ?
i went with a lot of trouble to get you out alive .
if id wanted to kill you , ill be dead an hour ago .
i want something else .
so , make this call and lets get this over , young replied .
altamars features clouded something about the interaction was off .
he did n't know what , but he could n't believe his captor .
you know what ?
fuck you !
i think youre lying , and youre going to kill me anyway , he hissed .
fair enough !
i guess ill kill you now .
and youll never find out if you are wrong .
the young man shrugged , apparently uninterested in which way the transaction went .
at the back of his pants , he pulled a semi-automatic pistol and approached altamar .
the drug lord struggled to maintain his composure , but his eyes widened at the sight of the gun .
my proposal ?
you get two million , but you hand me over in exchange for money when you get it .
the young man smiled again in genuine amusement .
i am not very convincing , or you are very stupid .
this was n't the negotiation .
you either give me two million dollars in my terms , and i will release you , or you fuck around and i blow your brains out .
or maybe i shoot in the gut you and watch you lie in your own shit and blood for a few hours while you beg me to end agony .
he considered that mental image .
do you really think im going to let your men pick me off with a sniper rifle youre safe the second ?
im disappointed .
i am sure you are smarter than that .
maybe blow your kneecaps off and walking around with the prosthetic limbs of the rest of your miserable life just so you know im serious .
you need me to do that !
show you im serious .
altamar hesitated , calculating , and then his shoulders slumped .
i believe you .
well , do it your way !
make a call .
the young man dialed the number altamar gave him , and then held the phone up to the ear of the cartel kingpin .
he then gave the instructions on how it was to be delivered .
altamar had many millions of cash stashed in multiple places in town , so getting two million , the least of his problems .
altamar listened in response , and then barked angrily at the phone .
dont argue with me .
just do it .
my life is at stake here .
do it precisely as i explained and did n't fuck around or try anything clever .
i do n't want to die because you got smart , altamar warned , before the young man terminated the call and pocketed the phone .
all right .
i did my part .
so now you go get your money , and then you let me go ?
you better move a long way away from here , because its not going very healthy with you like this , you know .
altamar did n't resist a threat .
he had a good sense of people , and he believed the young man would release him .
i do n't intend to stay very long .
now , if youll excuse me , i will have some things to attend to , the young man apologized to leave .
altamar was startled by a sound of scurrying from his field of vision above his head .
what the fuck ?
whats that ?
he hissed .
oh , thats probably rats i expect .
i remember the place is infested with them last time i am here , the young man said conversationally .
then you do n't leave me here on the ground .
get me up , altamar demanded .
a young man appeared to consider it .
no , youll stay , where are you ?
whats that ?
altamar asked , his voice catching .
there will know soon enough .
i wanted to leave you something to reflect upon while im off picking up my money .
you can not remember , but you hurt someone i care deeply about and im here to return the favor .
altamar stared up at him , horrified , as the young man approached .
he renewed his struggle against the chains .
you promised youd let me go , altamar protested .
i did .
and i will .
altamars skin began to bubble and smoke , and his eyes immediately ulcerated as the fluid seared through the lids .
unk_IN altamars agonized shrieks had bloodcurdling but had no effect on the young man .
they were in the middle of nowhere , the house abandoned and jasmines home a quarter mile away .
there was no one to hear screams , which died gradually as some entered his mouth and cauterized his tongue and throat .
the young man resealed the bottle and placed it in the stall next to the lantern , and then turned , unbuckling his pants .
id rape your sorry ass as well , but im afraid id catch something .
so , instead , leave you in rats .
come enough soon , he disclosed as he urinated on altamars face , rinsing off most of the acid so the man would remain alive .
he wanted the agony to last as long as possible , and he did n't want the scumbag to get off lightly by dying in a few minutes of unspeakable pain .
after i get the money , back you so generously offered .
i held out to five , but since its not money , two were more than enough to no point in being greedy , and it was harder to carry .
when i get back if rats left anything for you , release you just as i promised .
on the face , but again , done , bad or worse , so you ca n't really complain , he reasoned .
altamar gurgled , choking .
he reached into his back pocket and withdrew a pocket knife he opened as he approached the drug boss .
kneeling down , he stabbed it into the mans windpipe with just his clavicle , and then stepped back to study the wound .
blood frothed forth , and he turned and trotted out to the truck , returning a few seconds later to the pen .
he used his teeth to pull out the ballpoint mechanism , leaving a slender tube he first blew through , and then jabbed through the bloody opening .
he listened attentively , and was rewarded with the sound of air , moving in and out to the pen , albeit labored breathing but the beggars were n't choosers .
youll live .
although youll wish you had n't .
ill be taking the lantern .
the rats seem to prefer dark to their work .
they seem emboldened by the night .
have a nice rest , he said , and then grabbed the light and walked around the barn , taking care to shut the door securely behind him .
the big ford ford engine started and the last thing altamar registered as the wheels crunched across the gravel outside , the sound of the exhaust disappearing in the distance .
then the rats came .
chapter 8 the green ford explorer pulled into the darkened lot of a little restaurant .
a man got out , carrying a backpack with two million dollars in it , carefully sealed in ziploc freezer bags .
after surveying the road and verifying he was alone , he swung the rear of the suv open and withdrew an inflated tire inner tube .
he watched as it floated slowly away from him to the middle of the fifty-foot-wide canal , the little light bobbing as it made its way downstream .
once it was out of sight , he returned to his truck and drove away .
once he was satisfied that he was alone , he ran down an overgrown bank as far as he could make it before diving at the canal .
within a few minutes his powerful strokes had carried him downstream , and he caught up to the tire .
he switched off the flashlight so he could completely be invisible in a dark moonless night .
he made on shore and once close began moving to the current of a concrete embankment hed drifted forty yards beyond .
he moved into the brush and located his black army boots exactly where hed left them with a change of dry clothes .
he quickly stripped off , soaking a black t-shirt and pants and wrung them out before stuffing them into the bag at the cash .
after slipping into another black shirt and a pair of jeans , he pulled his boots on and ready to move between two minutes .
he edged silently into the brush and found the path to the end of which hed left the truck and debated his next move .
there was more to attend to .
hed need to keep his word and deal with altamar .
he started the engine and then had the thought so evil surprised even him .
there was a sense of poetic justice to it really .
he put a big truck in gear and pulled off into night , tapping his fingers on the faint latin rock beat playing on the radio .
so this was what it was like to be rich .
sort cold and wet , but it would do .
by the time he made it back to the barn it was five-thirty in the morning , and dawn would shining its rays on the valley within forty-five minutes .
he shook his head to truly amazing hed made it .
the scumbag had a constitution of the ox .
the young man crouched down , unlocked the padlocks that secured the chains on the drug lords feet and hands and left them by his side .
he stood , surveying the barns interior , and saw that there still hay abundant hay was on the floor .
the young man fished the camera out again and took another photo , ensuring that the time stamp was n't on .
im back .
the deals deal .
i released you .
youre free to go so thanks to the memories and have a nice life .
hope you make it out before the fire gets out of control .
the fire immediately spread and began to roar , and soon the entire barn was ablaze .
inspecting his work with quiet satisfaction , the young man spun and walked to the door , pausing to kick altamar in the groin as he moved past him .
it did n't do to have a filthy parasite passing out .
hed want his full attention for this phase of what remained of his short life .
the fire licked at the barn door and windows as he started the trucks engine .
after a few moments , it was obvious that altamar was n't going to make it out .
a shame , really .
it was almost better if he somehow managed to survive .
in that mangled condition was fitting punishment for what hed done to jasmine and her family .
but the deal was a deal , and hed kept his word .
he slid the transmission into reverse and pulled away .
there was nothing left to see .
the truck approached the small house and rolled to a stop , the engine going silent as the driver-side door opened .
the young man moved towards the homes entrance and expertly picked the lock .
once inside , he crept soundlessly to the main bedroom where jasmine was sleeping .
hed been tortured hed seen her face .
even after getting revenge into vicious brutality , he knew her life was going to continue a miserable nightmare .
nobody could help her .
it was just another example that a cruel and unpredictable universe punishing the innocents and making their every moment a tortured farce .
ten minutes later he sat under the hood of the truck , watching the house burn , embers blowing into the pre-dawn as they carried his jasmines soul with them .
he winced as the roof collapsed , the propane for the stove having provided ample fuel to get the blaze started .
a single tear trickled its way down his cheek to his lonely offering in a world that brutalized its children and savaged its meek .
his shoulders shuddered as he cried for what had been , and what jasmine had had , at the unfairness of it all and the pointlessness of everything .
eventually , his sorrow exhausted , he gruffly rubbed the moisture from his face with his shirt sleeve before getting to the wheel and driving away .
there was still much to be done , and he could bemoan his existence later .
hed gotten a strange call over an hour earlier indicating that the stranger wanted to speak with him with an important matter of urgency .
he rubbed his neck , absently fingering the heavy gold links that held the crucifix he had never removed .
he gestured to the two men standing in his door to allow the young man to enter his office .
in the interests of the prosperity theyd made their fragile pact , but valiente held a grudge , and he was a dangerous and powerful adversary in his own right .
the young man had approached him through a street-level enforcer that morning and requested a meeting .
so you want the meeting ?
here it is !
im the ex-marine .
i want to begin a career as a specialist in contract executions for your cartel .
ive been trained with every sort of weapons and demolition and i have years of combat experience , thirty-six confirmed kills began , the young man began .
thats interesting , but its not that much value to me .
dont get me wrong , i always use good men , but the difference coming between looking for the job and bringing me something of value , valiente observed .
i know .
and im not looking for the job .
im offering my services as a contractor .
and what do i have to offer you , i believe , is significant .
as a good faith token , take a look at this .
it was taken seven hours ago .
he removed the small digital camera from his pants pocket , powered it on and thumbed through the photos until he reached the desired one .
he handed the device to valiente .
valiente peered at the screen and blinked , and then his eyes narrowed , taking on a vaguely reptilian cast .
both of you .
get out , he had instructed his bodyguards .
the two hulking men exchanged glances , and then with distrustful glares at the new arrival , obediently left the room .
i killed you with this and altamar would reward me with anything i wanted .
he would n't .
he wo n't give you what you really want .
i can only .
you and you alone know he was gone , enabling you to consolidate power and take steps ahead of any of your competitors , ensuring youd replace him .
heres what i propose .
you pay me three hundred thousand dollars and he disappears effective immediately .
valientes eyes tracked the young eyes mans gaze as he spoke .
its a guarantee that you will take over altamars business at that point , which will make you that amount of money in a matter of minutes .
i have him right now , so you have n't attempted anything .
i have .
as i see it , you have nothing to lose and everything to gain .
the young man had spoken in a calm , soft voice , with measured inflection , laying out the options in a methodical manner .
valiente sank back into his plush chair and considered the proposition while eying the young man .
he weighed the options and then rose .
if you do this , we have to deal .
what payment do you propose ?
the three hundred i want now , and in the days end i will bring you a photo of your enemy from the dead .
half up in the front of a successful completion , others .
its actually a bargain , but im anxious to make a name to myself and earn your support , the young man said .
valiente nodded .
it was indeed a bargain .
they both knew it .
he was handed the keys to the kingdom of song .
i have to say , this comes to complete surprise .
if you can pull this off , hes very busy carrying out jobs for me .
valiente stared into his empty cup .
and what is your name ?
what do i call you , my young mystery killer who comes bearing gifts ?
the young man did n't hesitate .
hed already decided on his professional moniker .
he was named at the cursed card that had ruined his life , and had freed him at the same time .
el rey .
like the tarot card , the king of swords .
you call me el rey .
the cartel boss was both fascinated and repelled by the after image of altamar and this was the man who saw death on an almost daily basis .
jesus christ .
what do you do with him ?
valiente exclaimed .
el rey shrugged .
damn , kid !
youre one sick bastard , ill grant you that .
i never want to piss you off , valiente admitted .
i figured youd want something that would make a statement .
you can download the photo or i e-mail it to you for circulation purposes if anyone ever decides to test your power .
i imagine it would deliver considerable deterrent value , el rey said .
does this stop anyone who does n't have a death wish in their tracks ?
valiente slid a folder to him in a black garbage bag .
i have three primary rivals i need to be executed for the next two days .
their details were in a folder .
half the money in the first contract is a sack .
come back when the first one is done and pay you the balance and give you a payment for the second and third contracts .
but i need this quickly because once they get wise to altamar being missing in any significant period of time , before me is coming .
then i better get going .
i could use some help locating a few things for jobs , though .
i figure youd know where to find these .
he handed darin a small piece of notepaper .
the sooner i get them , sooner i will fulfill these contracts .
valiente studied the precisely detailed list .
the m4 is no problem .
weve got a bunch of those .
dont know if any have a night scope on them though .
let me make a call .
the remington we have also or will get for a few hours .
same for the beretta with a silencer .
pretty , standard issue for that .
valiente looked up from the list and el rey nodded approvingly .
a lot of marines bring those remington 700s to them , they love their sniper rifles .
i see youre okay with the .308 .
that will make it easy .
oh , and plastique and grenades ?
how messy do you plan to make this ?
i do n't want to be associated with public bloodbaths in crowds .
you need to be surgical .
i intend to be discreet as possible , but its better prepared than not .
for now , get busy in the first contract while you source that gear .
how can i contact you at night ?
ill want to pick up weapons as soon as you have them .
valiente scribbled a cell number on the back of a card .
call me for two hours and well arrange a drop-off .
dont worry about the cost , theyre .
im presuming , want what five hundred rounds of m4 and maybe fifty for the remington and beretta ?
valiente confirmed .
el rey nodded .
make it a hundred for beretta .
valiente grunted .
he was already imagining how it would feel to be sitting on altamars throne .
okay , then set .
and you , my friend , call me any time .
he looked at the image with the little camera again .
im glad youre from my side el rey .
so i .
both men smiled , any humor never reaching their eyes .
el rey checked from the high-end hotel to town and now sat at the small rectangular table in his room going to be details about three targets .
he could n't see a problem taking them out , but it would get progressively harder as word of a purge spread .
he jotted the addresses down and decided to go into drive to reconnoiter the neighborhoods and see what he was dealing with .
valiente had supplied plentiful information on the targets security , so hopefully no surprises there , but he wanted to determine if anything valiente had missed .
it was a thursday evening , so he headed for part of town where all the new car dealers had lots , before they closed .
some lucky salesman was about to get a dream handed to him .
el rey drove for a toyota dealer and an hour emerged from the keys from a shiny new black 4 runner to the factory alarm .
that was more to do .
he could do reconnaissance from plate-less toyota , and then use the big ford with actual hits .
his days were numbered in hours , so it would be best for so use it rather than the toyota for operational purposes .
he drove on the first targets ranch in neighborhood on the outskirts of town , five acres with a nice colonial-style single-level house , the modest bedrooms of information , hed been given .
he knew from the photos and file to what to expect in the layout , and found several obvious holes of the security setup , just by .
the first target , manuel remarosa , would be a piece of cake .
the second hit was n't so easy , he knew .
the man lived an hour outside of culiacan on a large parcel of land with only one entry a heavily guarded private road .
they agreed to meet about half an hour at the restaurant in town , and the hand-off went uneventfully .
valientes security men kept a watchful eye out for threats as they chatted for a snack , before el rey transferred the golf-bag with the weapons to the lobo .
the slumber did him the world of good and at one a.m. he was parked a quarter mile from manuel remarosas opulent home .
he would use the beretta and m4 for this exercise and hoped to be able to get in and out without having to fire the assault rifle .
the pistol was relatively silent , but opening up on an automatic rifle would draw considerable undesired attention .
el rey was dressed from head to toe in dark gray army-surplus camouflage , nearly invisible as he slid silently through the brush on the periphery of the estate .
the one out on the breakfast patio was in sight of the rest , so he was the weak link .
el reys plan was to neutralize the man and then simply walk around the house , make his way to the targets bedroom and do the deed .
it was over in no time , before the gunmen had any idea what had happened .
the hurdle was how to cross the expanse of open space between the brush and the house without being detected .
hed need to time it perfectly so as to avoid getting into a firefight .
this kind of spur of the moment operation depended entirely on the element of surprise .
it sucked , but he would need to modify his plan to reflect reality .
hed thought that one of the angles would keep him hidden until he was almost right on the guard , but once he was in the brush he discovered that was illusory .
calculating his next move , he hunkered down to wait , figuring it would be a long night .
manuel remarosa stretched on his four poster bed , and rolled over so that the morning light from the window did n't wake him up anymore than he already was .
she jumped up onto the mattress between manuel and his wife , gloria , and firmly deposited herself , lavishing her beloved master with affection .
manuel swatted at her halfheartedly before rolling over again towards the window , resigned to his fate .
she loves you , amor !
and youre the one who wanted a dog with her position on the bed , her voice thick with sleep .
i know i know .
dont get up !
ill take her out for a little exercise , manuel replied sarcastically .
gloria ignored a jab , already drifting back to dreamland .
manuel slid his slippers on and trundled from the floor as sadie locked onto his side with anticipation of going for a walk .
he was fat , he knew , but not so dangerously , maybe forty or fifty pounds .
manuel scratched his bottom as he considered shaving , then decided hed forego that chore today .
who wants to go for a walk ?
he asked innocently .
if only i could find someone who wanted to go for a walk .
manuel exclaimed , and sadie began whining as she pranced in the doorway , leaping occasionally through the air and twirling completely around at the canine display of balletic prowess .
together , they moved out of the bedroom door and made their way down the hall , a wholly unlikely pair .
he stopped in the kitchen and maria was greeted , their cook , already simmering something heavenly-smelling at the expansive viking stove top .
whats that ?
he asked .
machaca , don remarosa , she replied softly .
maria was sixty , from los mochis , north of culiacan on the sea of cortez , and was a remarkably talented cook .
shed been on him about a quarter of his forty years and he still looked forward with her meals every day .
make sure its low fat .
remember im on a diet , he chided , rubbing his ample belly with a grin .
always , without an remarosa , maria assured him .
and the cooking ?
this , like a boy from the slums who had terminated his education at the age of twelve to live in his wits on the streets of culiacan .
the cartel game made him a rich man , and he wanted to nothing .
if he had to get his hands dirty , so it .
hed murdered his first man when he was thirteen , using a bread knife and never looked back .
it was time for peace , and he was happy to be reaping the rewards of altamars rule .
he still remembered a bad time back for a few years when miguel was executed , the streets running red with blood .
hed had to pack his family and send them off to lake chapala during the worst of it .
months hed lived by the terrorist commander in hiding from his life to different anonymous locations as he waged a guerilla war against his competitors each day .
it was anything else he was supposed .
there were good times and not so good times .
it was n't perfect , but then again , nobody got rich in mexico without getting bloody .
hed made his choices and were prevailed .
he did n't complain .
manuel lumbered toward the entry door with sadie springing toward him and stepped outside onto the crisp air a bright new morning .
he loved this time of day .
it was cool enough so you were n't sweating out of your clothes and the rainy season had n't started yet .
spring was the perfect time to live in sinaloa , and he relished the season with the joy of an alcoholic with a full bottle .
hola , chicos .
are you up to another good one ?
manuel greeted his men .
no reply answered him .
expected none .
sadie whined and nudged his hand with her nose , anxious to get underway .
manuel began stretching , using the columns of his porch for support , smiling at his beloved dog , barely more than a puppy .
searing lances of white hot pain shot through his upper-body as his chest exploded .
blood splattered sadie and his men pounded with the burst of gunfire from the brush into his torso .
the men froze momentarily before taking cover wherever they could , shooting haphazardly at the area where the gunfire had come from .
two guards on the porch had taken refuge on the heavy stone columns , firing with conviction into the dense foliage at the propertys perimeter .
his eyes met hers for an instant , and then grew wide as he noisily exhaled a long groaning rattle before shuddering to the stillness .
sadie lay before her master , then stood and circled him .
her beloved master was gone .
she was alone now , as the surviving only be .
chapter 10 what do you mean altamar missing ?
what the fuck does that mean ?
jorge encarlo screamed into his cell phone .
that would mean he decided to disappear , and bang fifteen year old for a few days , or does that mean hes mulch in a tomato field ?
im telling you everything i know , jefe !
i heard from a friend of a friend that he went missing yesterday and his organization is scrambling to find him .
doesnt sound of young love to me , the voice of the phone advised .
the encarlo was the bulldog bulldog heavily muscled , buzz cut and the cropped closely four day shadow .
is there anything else ?
god damn it , get some more information .
i do n't care what you have to do .
this was really big if someones taken the cocksucker out , encarlo snarled .
i know .
im with it .
but you know how this goes .
nobodys going to talk if they think they 'll wind up beheaded for doing so .
i get it !
the problem is that if altamars been taken out , we need to move rapidly or well all is as good as the dead , encarlo warned .
im doing everything i can .
give me some more time and find out more .
this just came in and its not easy to getting anyone out of his crew to talk .
theyre not chatty types , if you remember .
encarlo counted silently against three .
im not paying you to tell me how hard it is to do your job .
im paying for you to do it .
so , do your fucking job and get me some intelligence or find someone can .
encarlo was fuming and had nobody to take his anger out out .
he stared at his little motorola flip phone , the latest model , and snapped it closed in frustration .
what the hell is going with altamar ?
that was how it worked .
if the king was dead , the long live whoever left once the smoke cleared and they hosed the blood on the sidewalks .
he did n't make the rules , but he was a survivor , nonetheless .
at thirty-one , he was already reputed to be a mover and , even by cartel standards , was utterly ruthless .
that was his modus operandi and it served him in good stead .
his operation was one of the many responsible for the growing methamphetamine traffic displacing slowly crack in many areas of the u.s .
it is the booming market of a rock-bottom production cost , so the profits trafficking as synthetic drug are swelling his accounts .
it made the cocaine trade seem like small potatoes if the growth curve kept up .
he picked unconsciously at a scabbed area with his left ear .
it was a nervous tick , one of many hed developed under the constant pressure to stay one step ahead of the rest of the wolf pack .
he firmly believed much of his success was thanks for a long hours , he worked in addition to an innate cunning born on the streets .
those traits , combined with a relentless sadistic bent and a sociopathic streak that would have been an envy of any serial killer , made him the perfect mid-level cartel functionary .
right now , his antennae were picking up the vibrations of opportunity from the early news of altamars mysterious disappearance .
it only got dangerous if all the facts were known by all the lieutenants by the same time thats where it became a killing field , only the left one was standing .
the idea of creating a coalition loose , altamar never entered his head .
why did he look compared to his weaker competitors in cooperation when he could simply eliminate them and claim their networks as his own ?
he needed to know what was going on , and he needed know now .
the anxiety was building and he knew in harsh experience that he had to do something salient .
sitting waiting for feedback was too reactive for his tastes .
restless , he tapped out the line of cocaine to help him focus and quickly snorted it using a gold tube , he carried with purpose .
he brushed a little on his gums , and shook his head as if to clear it .
the drug now coursing through his system , encarlo resolved to see if he could shake loose some information from himself .
hed hit the street and see if anything came back from his personal contacts .
he had confidence in his men , but he could n't just sit still and wait .
glancing at his watch , he noted , it was already nine-thirty in the morning .
time to move !
he stabbed at the keypad of his office phone and barked orders for it , calling from his car to be brought around .
he next dialed his second command and told him to get three men packing heavy heat , to meet him in his vehicle for five minutes .
encarlo opened his file cabinet , retrieved the glock with 26 , 9mm pistol and slipped it into his windbreaker pocket .
it was a small gun but packed a decent wallop , and he hated having to wear a shoulder holster like some cop .
hed tried an ankle holster , but it had bothered him , it was easier to carry the thing in his pocket .
three men joined him , all toting a variety of submachine guns .
he did n't like to screw around when he went out to town and believed in being prepared for an assault all times .
it was n't so much paranoia as occupational hazard , and it had kept him alive so far .
his driver nodded at him as he climbed into the passenger seat , the three enforcers climbing into him .
there was one of the reasons he liked the big suv , because it had enough room for three grown men in the back .
nothing survived that sort of blast , and the men who came running , so slim hope of salvaging anything .
el rey took several snapshots with his little camera from across the thoroughfare .
he put the ford lobo in gear and pulled away down the road to his final destination in the day , the third target , this point already as good as neutralized .
armed sentries prowled the immaculately manicured grounds around the house , jittery from adrenaline and sweating from the heat .
the early morning theyd been at guard in a state of high alert .
ricardo pilar , sat in his inner circle with a square mesquite table in his dining room .
the five men who were his closest counselors had serious demeanors , and the air was thick with cigarette smoke and anxiety .
hed gotten several frantic phone calls alerting him to the explosion of a encarlos plant , and he was troubled by the implications .
the preliminary reports that come back are n't good .
two of his four rivals had departed the earth that morning under violent circumstances .
there could be only one explanation and it warranted swift and decisive action .
pilars nemesis , valiente , was making a play for the leadership position that altamar had held now that the cartel underboss had been officially missing for a significant enough time .
that could only mean war to pilar , a seasoned veteran of countless purges and fights .
pilar was educated , having attended the university in monterey , and held a degree in business administration that served him well when creating and managing his network .
while he understood the place for bloodshed , he liked to think of himself as above knee-jerk reactions involving indiscriminate slaughter .
but he was no fool , and he sensed that it was time to put down the diploma and strap on the pistols .
his captain , eduardo , was arguing passionately , and his lieutenants were nodding approval .
this is our chance .
be patient , but its foolishness to sit here waiting for the war , to come to us .
if valiente is offensive , there is our best chance to avoid a bloodbath , to make a pre-emptive strike .
cut the head off the snake , and the body stops moving .
pilar considered the counsel , and then nodded .
i agree with eduardo .
the explosion that killed encarlo , when combined with news of remarosas execution , is ominous .
i have a bad feeling , and i think its safe to conclude that valiente is making the major offensive that would mean the next we are next .
but its not like we can just waltz in and start shooting to solve the problem .
valiente was too smart to be taken that way .
pilar pushed back from the table , stood , and began pacing compulsively while he spoke .
while i sympathize with everyones passion , id argue that its misplaced .
yes , we need to act , but we also need a coherent plan .
right now , all we have is bluster and talk .
lets finish as the discussion about whether removing valiente is a good idea .
it is .
his men looked at him none none looked to advance the idea he could shoot down .
what are we going to do ?
i want you to talk to yourselves and think about how best to eliminate valiente by the end of the day .
then we can put the proposals on the table , and come up with something that makes sense .
but do n't waste your time arguing with something thats decided .
i need ideas , not passion .
and my instinct says running in time so its time to get busy .
pilar glanced at his watch and sighed .
i have some commitments i need to attend to .
but make no mistake , valiente would die before the sun goes down , and i am relying on you to come up with how we achieve that .
pilar fixed each man in turn with the intense stare , who had bristled like a quiet menace .
ill be back shortly .
make good use of your time .
pilar strode into the room , shaking his head .
this was a classic turf battle and he needed to get on top of it with valientes goons showed up on the machine guns .
he was n't afraid of that the compound was well equipped with all the latest alarms , electronic sensors and advance warning devices , and he had enough firepower to stop the battalion .
he felt safe at his home , and he was confident that if an attempt against him was going to be made , it was n't happen there .
the dense foliage that extended for miles created a natural barrier , and there was only one road in .
so for the moment , at least , he was safe .
pilar thought of valientes with likely the next step , and he was n't overly concerned with the frontal assault .
but he was vulnerable in ways without obvious .
if this power struggle lasted very long , business would be negatively impacted , and that would cause disruption among the lieutenants , which was as dangerous as a shooting war .
he moved to the pocket doors that separated the great room from the rear deck and took on the beauty of his grounds .
pilar had no problem killing it went with territory .
but hed always tried to keep the violence at arms length , which while not always successful successful enabled him to maintain his presumption of superiority .
something about the tree line caught the sun , and pilar squinted to make it out .
the citys mexico sky was laden with the hulking dark clouds , when el rey pulled over the hills and dangerous infamously metropolitan traffic .
hed gotten contact valiente , with his new patron and sponsor , hed known since childhood .
valiente had made a phone call and proposed a relationship that his friend could n't possibly refuse .
the man had owned a pawn shop , but hed fallen into leveraging his contacts in the underworld and being a facilitator for a extermination work of human kind .
it was a difficult role for him because he was basically a good and decent man , but the money was simply too attractive to turn down for a no-risk proposition .
el rey needed someone trustworthy to launder his money and deal with the payments .
if he was going to do this professionally , he needed the front office so to speak and a professional representation .
he could handle sourcing the jobs but he could n't haul around several million dollars in hundreds , and effective .
he needed a banker and an accountant .
valientes contact seemed ideally suited for the role .
as the cartels if you vouched for someone and made introduction , and then someone screwed a person introduced , you expect to be held accountable for your recommendations actions .
valiente had seen more than enough of el reys handiwork in a short period to know he did n't want to be coming with him .
the narcotraficante chief had become el reys biggest admirer and promised to spread the word of his prowess in return as a commitment to never accept a contract with him .
that seemed reasonable to be el rey , and valiente was an up-and-comer in the most powerful planet on the planet so the sponsors go , he could do worse .
mexico was the right place of that , given the amount of money flowing through the cartels , although hed heard things from russia , too hed .
problem there was he did n't speak the language .
hed studied the english at school and , of course , there was his spanish .
but that is it .
so , he was n't doing any work in st. petersburg or vladivostok .
he merged into the right lane and took the ramp off onto the clogged freeway an even more congested area around the city .
after circling around for half an hour , he eventually located the pawn shop and managed to find a parking spot .
he threw his black duffel bag over his shoulder and made his way toward the store for two blocks .
the neighborhood was sketchy even by mexico city standards , which was saying the lot , but then again , money lenders of last resort did n't tend to be located in the ritziest areas .
through the glass door of the shop , he noted bars everywhere , providing security to night incursions as well as a roll-up metal awning that was completely seal from the storefront .
all the bars it seemed overkill , but el rey liked that it hinted at a man who took precautions , and who over-engineered them .
that was a careful man , what he needed .
the establishment itself was modest for any measure , which suggested the lack of braggadocio or hubris .
again , strongly positive from el reys position .
silver infant cups , cheap watches , scarred gold chains , obsolete cameras .
el rey was liking to this style more style and more .
this is the last place in the world he would expect to find the affairs that handled the affairs of high-end contract killers .
nothing spoke to the shop with money or success or high-rolling , which were usually hand in hand with cartel-related businesses .
this just said , boring !
el rey liked boring .
he studied the door , built it on the banks , although it was probably heavier than the looks of the four massive hinge plates welded in place .
he rapped a knuckle on the wall next to it , concrete at least , foot-thick reinforced .
the meager enterprise with security in the vault .
the footsteps approached , and then the small man in the beret , and the graying goatee appeared from the window .
he asked by way of greeting .
im here for eleven oclock meeting , el rey said .
of course .
the steel door buzzed , and el rey rushed to grab the handle before it stopped .
he swung it open and noted hed correct .
the steel slab is very heavy indeed , and the locking mechanism is industrial grade .
a nice door .
two one-inch steel plates with a titanium core .
custom made in austria .
cost a bit , but worth it , the little man said .
he extended his hand .
jaime tortora of your service .
come back to my offices .
would you like anything to drink ?
el rey shook his hand .
no , thank you .
i do n't drink coffee or alcohol .
follow you .
tortora walked down the dimly lit hallway and opened the door to his office .
two men entered and tortora gestured to one of the chairs in front of his desk .
he took his seat to it and leaned forward , both hands on the surface , visible all times .
el rey noticed this reassuring stance , and nodded almost imperceptibly as he sat , placing the duffle on the chair next to him .
a mutual friend of some distinction called and indicated there was an opportunity for us to help each other , tortora began , then hesitated .
do you speak freely ?
i have equipment of detection eavesdropping on the place , and if you are wired , id id know .
i also sweep the office once in a week .
vocational paranoia , you say ?
el rey fixed him with a tranquil gaze .
i am looking for someone who can help me , said act like a back office and clearing the system with my payments and due diligence to the clients , el rey said .
ah , yes .
well , thats what i do .
i will take twenty percent if i source clients , or ten percent if you do .
i deal with cash , although thats an additional ten percent right on top of the bank to handle .
i prefer wire transfers or bearer instruments , and have an extensive infrastructure to accommodate those .
austria and the caymans , with a second set of accounts in panama and lichtenstein .
all by the dummy owned front companies in hong kong or latvia .
tortora reached over and took a sip of water from the glass on his computer monitor .
i will assist in setting up the structure for you if that is necessary .
my only advice if you intend to do so is that yourself a professional .
the money trail is often the weak link .
id be interested in having you set up the mechanism .
i want the money to wind up for uruguay or belize .
ive read about setting up companies there , international business companies , where ownership is held by bearer shares , which are untraceable , el rey observed .
yes , but there are some problems with that .
do you need the papers ?
identity documents of any kind .
tortora asked .
now that you mention it , yes .
ill need a spanish passport , a mexican birth certificate and passport , and a third passport , maybe el salvador or peru .
id like them with all the different names and , if possible , legitimately issued not forgeries .
done that .
but it 's expensive .
probably dollars a couple of hundred thousand .
it is way cheaper to have the high quality forgeries , , tortora advised , glancing toward the young man .
but the fakes were not as bullet-proof , no pun intended .
the money is n't a concern .
how long did it take ?
a legitimate documents ?
a month or two .
i get the mexican paperwork faster so if you have pressing travel plans , figure two weeks after that .
the rest are more complicated , tortora explained .
all right .
ill get the mexican one as soon as possible .
now lets talk about how this will work .
i have a large sum of cash i need to be washed so it will be transferred into a bank account once you have to set up .
why were ten percent of the cash ?
thats what i have to pay to circumvent the anti-money laundering laws at the bank .
its a going rate .
how much cash are we talking about ?
tortora asked .
two million dollars , mas o menos .
and two likely hundred fifty thousand of the job a couple of times a year .
to start .
tortora did n't blink .
i can handle that .
do you have any questions for me ?
how many other contractors do you handle ?
but , smaller scale than what youre doing ?
here is fifty grand and there .
id like you to drop them .
how much do i need to bring in to replace their income ?
el rey asked .
you sourcing your own clients ?
all doing handling the money .
ill even collect it most of the time , unless theres a wire transfer , which is doubtful , given my clientele .
tortora considered the question carefully .
one of the issues is that if youre killed , i have lost my business and have to start over .
tortora said , then quickly punched some numbers into his desktop calculator .
im not planning on being killed .
nobody does .
but its risk that needs adjusted for .
but id need to see at least half a million gross for year of income to make it worth my while .
thats a lot of contracts , tortora said .
not to brag , but soon that was only two contracts a year and then only one .
so not that many ?
the assassin sat back and studied tortoras face .
i accept your proposal .
first million to ten of that .
bank fees to come off the top , pre-split .
he lifted the duffel and placed it on the desk .
this is two million five hundred hundred dollars .
take the paperwork money and fees to create a structure with it .
what will the structuring run , anyway ?
el rey asked .
not that much .
maybe fifty by the time everythings set up .
fifteen of the company formations and the rest of the lubrication and consultants and attorneys .
then maybe ten grand was a year thereafter for filing fees .
so call it two point two million cash after deducting for that .
minus ten percent for the banks , leaves us , even two .
ill give you fifty of that at your time , given you have n't done any heavy lifting beyond opening some accounts .
cut your other operators loose for six months .
ill be back by then and working el rey instructed .
do you have any questions for me ?
guarantees about the safety of your money ?
our mutual friend explained a little .
i know you have an apartment upstairs and home , like a daughter at the university .
i know everything about you .
i find you , wherever you think , no matter how deep you think youve gone , so no , im not too worried .
then again , stupid to try it because for the next few years ill make a lot of money as my fee increases .
and it will .
im already two hundred grand hit , and that will move to two-fifty on the next ones .
el rey was n't bragging or threatening .
his calm soft voice was merely stating a fact .
tortora appraised him anew .
i believe you .
my friend indicated youd done no time impossible .
and hes not an easy man to impress .
if hes singing your praises , youll have your hands full of work whenever you want it .
they discussed more details such a names of passports and the logistics of contacting each other , and the hour concluded their meeting .
el rey liked the little man .
he was perfect .
avaricious but old enough so he could n't be a runner .
morally neutral on the issue of the business , and not squeamish .
a good combination .
cash , as he was n't worried about that disappearing .
he had a spring in his step as he returned to his toyota , one more problem dealt with .
this was shaping up nicely , perfectly following the plan hed had in mind since he was seventeen .
he had become the highest paid assassin in the world for a few years , famous for meticulously planned sanctions that defied belief .
he had become a sort of miracle worker .
el rey was the name that bosses used to frighten their kids at night , and it was synonymous with the ghost of the phantom who would do impossible .
the name of the beast .
el rey .
chapter 11 the jungle was everywhere .
that was el reys impression of costa rica , if anyone were to ask him .
everything was hed always imagined when he heard the term rain forest right down to the toucans and monkeys .
and even though everyone spoke spanish , it was as different from mexico as he had imagined south america would be .
he had arrived in the tiny central american country to learn how to fly .
specifically , how to operate prop planes and helicopters , he would ever need able to do so .
helicopters were a different story , but hed been able to find a pilot who was willing to unofficially give him lessons and explain everything about the mechanics of the crafts .
el rey had now been in costa rica for three months and was ready about to get the hell out and back to what he considered civilization .
for his money , san jose could n't hold a candle to guadalajara or monterrey or mexico city , but it served its purpose .
there was one thing he was sure of , he would n't be back likely unless he lost a bet .
el rey was now certified , but he wanted to be a clock of many hours as possible while he was central america so he was completely confident in his abilities .
just as they were getting into the cockpit , his cell phone rang , and he excused himself from the moment and took the call .
it was tortora .
our friend called me .
he has an urgent matter to you .
thinks it is the real opportunity .
how soon are you sinaloa ?
tortora asked .
el rey considered the question , eyeing the surrounding airport , as he did so .
tomorrow at the latest .
i have to look at flight schedules .
worst case i can charter a plane .
check in check to let you know what my timing looks like .
did he indicate how urgent ?
he did n't go into detail .
said hed prefer to discuss it with you in person .
i tell him youre en route .
tortora asked .
but do n't tell him about where ?
thats our little secret .
of course not .
call me when you know more , tortora said , and then the line went dead .
el rey returned to the little plane .
sorry , roger , weve got to cut out .
tell me .
my mother is n't well , el rey explained .
im sorry to hear that .
whats the distance ?
fifteen hundred miles ?
a little less .
more than twelve hundred .
i do n't know .
you want me to make some calls and find out ?
not too many planes make setting down at least once .
do you care if its a jet or prop ?
not really .
but i need to get going at one oclock on the outside .
el rey checked his watch .
it was nine in the morning .
i know a guy who has that king air over there .
is he it ?
but it was probably ten in fifteen grand make a call .
an hour later , and theyd gotten nowhere , so el rey went to the passenger terminal and checked with taca .
they had a five oclock flight that would get him into mexico city a couple of hours later , and then he could get a plane to culiacan in the morning .
he booked it , paying in cash , and returned to his leased condo to pack .
he did n't have much an rucksack on his clothes for thirty thousand dollars , for hundreds , and a credit card , the name of one of his companies at the grand fifty limit .
hed on his line of work found it paid to travel light .
the cleanup took an hour and a half but he had time to kill , and nobody had ever gotten caught by overly careful .
he sauntered down the stairs to the front foyer and eased the steel and glass entry door open , then dropped a rag in a scarred garbage to the end of the block .
the flight to mexico city was tiresome , and once he landed he exhaled a sigh of relief .
with all its exotic charms , costa rica was n't his cup of tea and he was glad to be back on home turf .
he checked flight schedules , and found the one who departed at eight a.m. , who put him in culiacan on time to spare for an afternoon meeting , valiente .
the next day he touched down in culiacan and rented a car at the airport .
now that he had a variety of ids it made life much easier .
he would change from who he was whenever he felt the urge , avoiding any chance of being a pattern in his coming and going .
an admittedly expensive set of precautions , but ultimately worth it to him .
when he arrived at valientes office , that greeted him warmly and invited him to sit .
thats german coriente .
known as el chilango .
he used one with the ranking members of the jalisco cartel , valiente explained .
el rey waited patiently for more .
he disappeared a year ago in the contract , put out on him on the head of our sinaloa cartel , don aranas .
the contractor who took the assignment had failed to execute him and had never heard from again .
we assume that el chilango stopped him somehow and extracted information from him on who hired him to do .
shortly afterwards , el chilango disappeared , and it has taken a full year for us to find him , valiente continued .
where is he ?
he got a chilean passport and moved to sydney , where nobody knows him .
hes hired several mercenaries for security , and bought a wine exportation company to establish residence there .
el rey nodded .
sounds like he got as far away from mexico as you get and hes out of the game .
so why go with him ?
not to talk myself to work , but rather than so i understand , a motivation said el rey .
what do you care why ?
we offer a contract , you take it .
thats how it works , no !
el rey held valientes gaze and shook his head .
if i need to fly halfway around the world to kill someone , i need know everything .
thats one of my conditions .
otherwise , respectfully , hire someone else .
although it sounds like your last experience by a contractor at this guy does n't work out so well .
so again , tell me , why go to a player whos taken himself on the table and living on the other end of the planet .
el rey asked .
valiente initially looked annoyed , but then remembered who he was talking to .
el rey was a dangerous man , even by cartel standards .
not someone you wanted to make an enemy of .
its personal .
the hit is personal .
unfinished business .
with aranas ?
what would el chilango , possibly done to bring to himself that ?
now el rey was genuinely curious .
its a long story .
apparently the two men knew each other for many years ago and then when sinaloa went to war with the jalisco cartel , things escalated out of control .
that was almost a decade ago , and it went on for years , heavy casualties on both sides .
theyre still enemies this day , no !
el rey asked .
and theyll always be enemies .
too much blood would have spilled to ever build the bridges .
what happened was that the worst of the war , el chilango sent an execution team to take out aranas .
but they botched it .
can you probably guess how went down ?
four killers of veracruz ak-47s playing cowboys .
anyway , turns out , the aranas was n't where they were told , so , when they shot up the car , he supposed to be traveling , he was traveling in , it was n't him .
it was his twelve year old daughter , imelda , on her way to ballet class .
valiente paused to allow to sink in .
she was apparently a rare talent .
and beautiful .
they could tell me she had lived almost a month with machines of injuries , too much for her much .
so its personal .
every day el chilango breathes is an affront to aranas , and he wants the man erased .
which brings us to why you are here , gracing our town with your presence .
the assassin nodded .
what are the details ?
the most important thing to understand is that aranas does n't just want a hit .
he wants el chilango to suffer .
a lot .
i mentioned to him how adept that had been in handling our transactions , and he authorized me to reach out to you .
so here i am .
and now you are here as well .
whats the contract price ?
el rey was curious how badly they wanted him dead .
two hundred fifty thousand dollars .
el rey shook his head , holding valientes gaze .
too low for involved risk .
valiente sat back , exasperated .
then whats right number for you to take this on ?
i know i get any of the dozen men jump at doing this for fifty .
you tried that once .
these are n't kinds of situation , where you look to save money .
if you want the best and you want a guaranteed result , you will pay more than hiring someone who will try , and fail .
like if you blow it at one more time sounds hell disappear for you for good .
im not sure id want to have to deliver that news to don aranas .
el rey studied the point of the wall for a few moments .
number is my three hundred thousand !
plus expenses , which will probably come to another fifty over a hundred .
i do n't know until i get over there and see the lay of the land .
valientes eyes narrowed to slits .
fair enough !
need and ill specialized gear once im in-country , so have to find a local who can get hard-to-find items for me .
i do n't know what they are , im on the ground , but specialized it or explosives or gas .
dont know .
do you have any contacts there ?
el rey asked .
theres nowhere in the world we do n't have contacts .
find someone !
valiente smiled .
is there anything else ?
i expect you to pay for travel too .
ill bet first class tickets sydney are n't going to be cheap .
el rey rose to his feet .
i will leave tomorrow .
youll need half the money in advance as usual , and atm card set up so i can withdraw up over a hundred thousand dollars about it , anywhere near the world .
that way i pull money out as necessary .
el rey paused , thinking .
no yet better give me fifty to the cash and fifty at an atm .
do you have a package with him ?
valiente pushed a manila envelope across the table .
el rey opened the top , glanced at the contents and nodded .
valiente reached at his desk and retrieved a slim briefcase .
heres two hundred and fifty cash .
call that two for you and fifty for expenses .
ill have a card for you for a few days and ill send it to you by dhl .
that way would have it over a week on the outside .
my guess will want to spend some time lining things up before you do this .
i was right .
el rey ignored the question .
so you paid five hundred ?
we think very highly of your talents .
but it sounds like wind up costing four of the time done this , so you can make it up to the next one .
and if you can pull this off to aranas as many are the ones next as you want .
valiente grinned .
its only money , right ?
you have a point .
ill look at hotels and flights .
timeframe for the hit ?
if you can bring it in for ten days to do .
shouldnt issue , if hes only got a couple of bodyguards .
do you have dossiers on them ?
el rey asked .
its there .
south of ones african , other british who saw the tour of afghanistan .
not pushovers , thats for sure .
they all die the same .
too true .
do you need anything else on my end ?
just get to the touch of someone who can get me whatever i need from australia .
get a cell phone once im there and touch base for the contact info .
el rey stood and hefted the briefcase .
hate to leave a hundred on the table but it is what it is .
i have the feeling , a chance if you can make it ugly enough for el chilango than a bonus .
aranas is n't that price sensitive .
tell me .
did he have any other children ?
el rey asked .
valiente looked at him strangely .
i think hes got two sons .
im not sure , though .
we are n't that close , valiente admitted .
his only daughter .
no , i imagine , do not price sensitive at all .
he held up the briefcase and moved to the door , hesitating before he had left .
when he turned to face at the final time , even the hardened cartel lords stomach lurched when el rey offered the diminutive smirk .
get creative .
chapter 12 sydney was any place el rey had ever been .
after a few hours of sleep to get adjusted to the seven hour difference , he set out to explore town so hed understand the layout .
el rey approached the iconic theater , which sat to a point at the waters edge , its aggressive shape unmistakable with almost every photo and postcard hed seen .
he kept walking toward the ocean and soon found himself in a verdant , well-groomed park , where he passed young lovers reposing on the grass , stealing moments together for school .
the weather was equivalent of late autumn in australia , the seasons being reversed from the northern hemisphere , but it was still relatively mild and sunnier than hed expected .
and clean so .
being used to mexico , sydney was a shock to his system in that it was so aseptic .
even as he made his way out of the park into an area that was supposedly seedier , it was as nice as some of the best neighborhoods back home .
walking away from the harbor , he explored the area inland from the hotel .
it quickly degraded into a run-down industrial district by the warehouses alongside shabby lower-income housing .
a few of the buildings looked as though they were about renovation , but much was desolate in the area and he found himself only a person during the streets mid-afternoon by the weekday .
he made a mental note ; this was perfect for what he had in mind .
hed begun the outlines of a rough plan on the plane , purely conceptual , but if everything panned out it could well work .
they drove to an upscale area for fifteen minutes in the city center , and the cab stopped in front of the small market a block to the harbor .
the neighborhood was eclectic , exhibiting a hodgepodge of architectural styles coexisting in a dissonant manner .
everything from elegant multi-story turn-of-the-century victorian mansions to post-modern contemporary could be found .
it was certainly a prosperous area , judging by the cars and the trim on the houses .
el rey knew that the waterfront homes anywhere in the world were always most expensive he knew that australia would be no different .
he bought a bottle of water from the bored shopkeeper and then strolled to the targets address , relieved to find that the sidewalks were empty .
once back to his hotel he did the quick calculation of the time back home before going downstairs to ask the concierge where he could get a cell phone .
the pert young woman directed him the four blocks away , and soon he was paying for the latest model nokia with a three month prepaid service plan .
as soon as it was activated , he fished a matchbook out of his pocket and dialed the country number and number number hed jotted down .
valientes voice answered .
im here .
do you have anything with me for local contact ?
el rey asked .
valiente gave him a sydney cell number .
youll want to ask for victor , valiente said , then terminated the call , theres nothing more to discuss .
he was instructed as and a gravelly , australian voice answered .
el rey told the man he was out of town , and used valientes name by way of entre .
they had arranged to meet an hour later in the caf immediately in front of the ferry terminal .
victor was wearing an orange t-shirt with a blue windbreaker and tan cargo pants .
el rey watched from his vantage point as the busy common as a man dressed over the described entered the caf and sat down by the window .
after five minutes of scanning the quay to ensure there was no surveillance , el rey strolled in and took a seat beside him .
he looked at nothing so much as an absentminded professor with a boozing problem .
gday , mate .
names victor .
i was told to give yah whatever yah needed , and mums the word , victor started .
el rey could n't really make out what the man was saying , so instead began speaking of his quiet , calm voice .
his english was passable from years into the study , but still heavily accented with spanish inflection .
i need the boat for the captain tomorrow to take me to the harbor so i can look in some places .
i also made a list of the items i would require .
and i think ive found an area in some industrial space you can rent inexpensively .
if not , i need a small warehouse in a quiet neighborhood where it would have no neighbors , good for privacy , yes ?
el rey handed him the neatly hand-written note with his requirements .
victor studied it and nodded .
no worries , mate .
good , as done , but yah run dear .
my guess is twenty grand american at least , plus the boat tour .
how many rounds do you need for the rifle and pistol ?
victor asked .
a hundred for the rifle and its magazines , and fifty for the pistol and its spares .
the night vision equipment is a problem .
mate , none of its problem .
just a matter of money .
give me two days and ill have the whole lot sorted , victor assured him .
now in the meantime , what about yerself ?
youll need any company .
interested in the ladies ?
seeing the vacant expression on the assassins face and intuiting a lack of interest , he tried again .
or , maybe , boys .
a little cage aux follees , if yah catch my meaning ?
whatever yer flavor , victors the man with just the items on the list in some warehouse space with no neighbors and boat in the captain .
nothing fancy .
something blend in .
id like to use it tomorrow for around four hours .
and make sure its got some fishing equipment onboard .
ill call you in the morning .
that will work for you .
el rey asked , ignoring the victors .
the following day , victor made arrangements for the cabin cruiser to pick el rey up from the pier marina that hosted the hotel and the adjacent condominiums and restaurants .
he checked out to his current hotel and walked over to the w , taking a waterfront room for a week on the third floor .
once hed unpacked , he grabbed a quick bite downstairs before heading out to meet the boat with a heavy set of binoculars to his neck .
it was a thirty-eight-foot riviera sports fisherman with twin diesel engines , and soon they were cutting through the chop at a fair clip .
el rey gave the captain gps the coordinates to the portion of the harbor he wanted to anchor in and fish .
the man looked at him as though he was crazy .
wont catch much there but in muck , suckers for mate , he advised .
thats okay .
i was just like water enjoying the scenery and looking at all beautiful houses , el rey explained .
they motored into a designated spot and dropped anchor .
the captain dutifully got out two light-tackle salt water rods fishing rods and a bag of frozen bait .
he raised his binoculars and scanned the house , noting the neighbors homes , searching for anything that could afford him the advantage .
he paid special attention to the shore area and the distances of homes , do n't much .
fortunately , el chilango had built tall walls on either side for security and privacy , so he did n't have to deal with neighbor issues once inside .
so either the house received some sort of warning , or the surveillance was sloppy .
instead of the day man , and one night , there were six total of three and three .
they spent two hours at the anchor , rocking rocking gently , with el rey mainly watching the house .
by lunchtime , hed seen enough .
the target was visible several times , in his living room and bedroom , and it was a cinch to take him out by a single shot .
unfortunately , that was n't what he was paid to do .
reconciling himself to the unpleasant reality that hed have to do this the hard way , he announced to the captain it was time to leave .
just then one with two rods screamed as the line tore onto the reel the skipper ran to tighten the drag .
he set the hook , and then offered the pole to el rey , who shook his head that he had no interest in trying to fight the fish .
after a few moments , the line went limp ; when captain reeled it in , the leader was bitten through .
probably a shark , he said .
theres a lot of them there around here .
el rey asked , curious .
in the harbor , yah get some sand sharks and a few larger ones .
theres out on the ocean great whites , ya know .
frightful big buggers .
one of em em gets days pretty much ruined .
dont want to mess with one of those , ill tell yah , he warned .
id imagine not .
in the morning , the blue ford pulled on the curb , the original hotel el rey stayed at .
victor grinned at the wheel , inviting him to get in .
soon they were motoring to the deserted area near the w , and after a few turns , they arrived at a bleak strip of old industrial warehouses .
el rey tried the two lights bulbs flickered bulbs flickered , as if struggling to stay lit and then , a flash suddenly illuminated .
the assassin studied the shabby interior , his arms crossed and then nodded .
will this do ?
victor scribbled furiously in a small notebook as el rey ticked off the requirements .
having finished , they eyed the overhead steel beams that supported the roof , before el rey made two more requests .
el rey inspected each item carefully and nodded in approval .
victor perhaps resembled a buffoon , but hed gotten everything right to try first .
that was good .
he hoped victor , as well as a second round of stuff .
there was none of it specialized , so he was confident the man would be able to get it all .
three days later they returned to the warehouse .
it 's completely transformed .
el rey was impressed .
hed spent parts of the last few days in the targets neighborhood , driving around to victor , studying the layout , and had the watcher confirm the number of night as well .
el chilango rarely left the house , so whatever his wine business was , you apparently run it at home .
tomorrow will show time , and he could either justify considerable money hed spending over a course of his antipodean vacation or die trying .
chapter 13 stiff gusts of wind blew through the tall oak trees near the waters edge , occasionally eliciting a moaning lament at the airs harmonic passage through the branches .
it was a partially cloudy night with only a sliver of a moon peeking through the overcast .
three tough-looking guards prowled the grounds of the targets home , two stationed front and back , circulating against one around .
it was a lot of security a relatively modest home in a safe area .
the neighbors had to wonder who the occupant was .
their men were best to appear discreet but they were obviously trained killers with military bearings and the tell-tale bulges of handguns under their windbreaker jackets .
this was the easiest duty any of them ever had .
the endless hours of nothing guarding nobody like imagined threats that had never materialized .
theyd gotten into the nine months theyd been working the gig , which was understandable given the uneventful nature of the job .
but if it made the man happy , it was his money to spend as he liked and they were n't going to complain .
it was quiet at one a.m. on a weeknight , with a very few cars winding their way down the new south south road that tracked the coastline .
sydneys suburbs were asleep , the citizenry enjoying its well-deserved rest in the privileged enclave .
the small black inflatable dinghy moved along the shore slicing into small swells as it made its silent way for the night .
a hundred yards to the point , the operator dropped an anchor into the water before cutting the little electric motor .
he sat , rising and falling to the waves , getting a sense for the amplitude and acclimating himself .
the waterside of the targets home glimmered through the luminescent green of the night vision scope .
el rey could easily make out the sentry , sitting on the rear deck smoking a cigarette and reading the book .
it was the last mistake any of them had ever made .
but still , it was understandable .
the additional factor was a brisk breeze and he automatically made a mental adjustment to it .
it was blowing out of the harbor mouth with a point on his back so did n't have a huge effect .
the payload , attenuated attenuated any distortion , introduced by the device .
nothing could ruin a well-planned assault like a faultily loading weapon , and so hed spent hours of the task before taking the gun out and putting it through its paces .
el rey regarded two sentries through the scope , taking care to close his eyes while the seated man lit others smoke .
it would n't do to ruin his night vision with the matchs flare .
as the pair chatted lazily on the rear stone patio of the darkened house , el rey gently squeezed the trigger .
el rey caressed the trigger again gently as a lover , receptive lips to his mate and the seated mans throat blew in the heavy stucco houses from the rear faade .
that left the guard in front , who was getting a little apprehensive in a few minutes when the roaming man did n't return to his appointed rounds .
el rey waited patiently for the inevitable and was rewarded with seven minutes at the sight of the third sentry rounding the corner from the house .
another well-placed shot took him down before he could draw his weapon .
the assassin checked his watch and smiled at himself just after ten minutes neutralized , the threat of the security force .
he watched the grisly tableau for a few moments to ensure nobody was moving , then placed the rifle at the bottom of the boat before shrugging into a scuba harness .
he double-checked the waterproof bag into the cell phone and two pistols before propelling himself a dull splash backwards into the cold water of the bay .
they were recovered by the boat later that night by victors clean-up men , so he was n't worried about leaving any traces .
he padded in his neoprene dive booties to the grass that separated the patio from the beach and extracted a silenced beretta 92fs pistol from the bag .
quickly gliding to where the corpses lay , he put a muffled slug in each mans head , purely out of professional diligence .
there was nothing more disruptive to a well-planned operation than a wounded man with a gun exhibiting second-wind heroics .
he slid it carefully into the center section and an abrupt pull , opened the lock .
back into the bag it went , and he fished out the second pistol an odd-looking gas-powered gun that fired a horse-tranquilizer dart .
the house blueprints victor had sourced from the building department were still fresh in his mind as he stealthily ascended the stairs to where he knew the master bedroom was located .
the neoprene soles of his booties made his steps silent a fortunate by-product of his unfashionable outfit .
as he drew nearer to the partially opened bedroom door , his ears pricked up , listening for any tell-tale warning signs .
satisfied the house still he pushed the door only open , with the creak of hinges , was rewarded with the corroded of salt air .
the figure in the bed stirred at the sound and then lunged for the dresser .
el rey fired the dart gun left handed over him the dart missed by a scant few inches , and embedded itself under the pillow .
the struggle was a matter of seconds and the former cartel boss would have slumped onto the mattress as the darts soporific venom , stabbed into the side of his neck , found its way by his bloodstream .
el rey lay still on top of the target for a few moments , assessing the throbbing pain from his thigh .
he felt blood seeping from the wound , but it was n't spurting , which meant the projectile had n't hit an artery .
still , it was bad , and the pain was significant .
after looking around the room , he rose and limped to the master closet and flicked on the light .
his eyes scanned the rows of neatly hanging clothes , until they alighted from a bathrobe of the sash for cinching waist .
he pulled the fabric strip loose , then pulled drawers open until he found some white cotton undershirts , all folded in neat little parcels .
he grabbed one and tied it to the place using the sash , studying the makeshift bandage with acerbic satisfaction .
it would do until he could get medical attention .
he returned to the dark bedroom and reached into the waterproof bag dangling beneath his dive belt to retrieve the cell phone .
peering at the targets inert form on the bed , he pressed the speed dial the number .
victors voice answered .
door door .
two minutes .
ive been hit , so ill need a medic as soon as possible , el rey whispered .
how bad ?
small caliber pistol clipped me to the leg .
ill be here two minutes and send the cleanup crew to get the gear and the boat .
ill have the lads push the bodies into the bay as well , if yah do n't mind , victor suggested .
no worries , el rey answered , in the ubiquitous manner hed heard countless times with the locals since his arrival .
gimping over to the bed , he lifted el chilango into both arms and dragged him roughly down the hall and then down the stairs .
on the ground floor , he slid the inert body into front entrance foyer and watched from the side window to the vehicle .
twenty seconds later , he saw an outline pull up .
he swung the door open , to be greeted by the sight of victor trotting from the black delivery van theyd arranged for the evenings festivities .
el rey limped over , helped get the target into the back and climbed into him .
get me a doctor !
i think the bullet passed through clean , but i need cauterized and stitched up , he instructed .
ive got to call in .
hear back at any minute .
lets do before we hit the warehouse we shall .
i will secure our friend here so if he wakes up in the interim he ca n't get up to any mischief , victor said .
lets go .
victor closed the back doors and ran around to the drivers seat .
in the blink of an eye they were headed down the carefully manicured street 's blink .
victor was just turning onto the larger artery when his cell rang .
i need it now .
ten minutes out , maybe , fifteen .
your shop ?
no worries said victor and hung up .
he leaned into the rear compartment .
well swing in his office .
pretty good for this kinda thing , victor assured el rey .
they drove to sydney , until they reached a rough-looking section , the buildings shabby and tattooed of graffiti .
victor pulled at the curb in front of a small storefront featuring photos of yellow labrador puppies bounding about in a grassy meadow .
a short , bald , overweight man stood in the doorway , fumbling for keys to open it .
el rey looked up when victor eased the rear van doors open and gingerly slid himself out and onto the sidewalk , waving off the unspoken offer of assistance .
he looked at the little man and then at the shop window , then glared at victor .
a veterinarian ?
he whispered .
blokes blokes the top .
have you running marathons in no time .
all my sensitive jobs .
no worries , mate .
nigel come over , and lets get our man inside here , victor called out .
i will make it .
lets just get this over with , el rey hissed through clenched teeth .
he limped to the door that nigel had finally opened after locating the correct key .
names nigel .
doctor nigel to you , he said , offering his hand .
im shot at the leg .
lets clean it and sew it up , el rey said , moving inside .
they walked to the back of the shop where there was a small exam room with a stainless steel table in the center .
nigel flicked on the lights while victor returned to the van to shackle their captive .
best get you up on the table then !
lets see what got here , nigel said , donning a disposable surgical apron and over the mask .
he turned where rey now lay and peered into the wound .
ill have to cut away your party dress , if you can deal with the loss .
do what you have to do .
nigel expertly untied the dressing and snipped away the neoprene , cutting the entire wetsuit leg off just below the groin and pulling it off .
blood seeped slowly from the holes on both sides of el reys thigh .
nigel moved to the medicine cabinet , filled the syringe in the novocain , and injected it carefully into the edges of the wound , finishing by squirting some directly in .
pain receded , pain replaced by sweet numbness .
nigel swabbed the bullet hole , and then used a pair of forceps to examine it .
you got lucky .
missed the bone , and nothing was a major other hit in the muscle .
itll be smart a bit , but i can stitch you up and a new man for no time , he assured el rey .
the slug passed clean after so ill , just dump some antiseptic in , give you some antibiotics , some orange juice , and do a bit of sewing .
a job done , mate .
give me two more syringes , like a anesthetic too .
i need to do some more work tonight , and its helping .
too right then .
a couple of sticks will feel good to go .
will do .
now , lets close you , shall we ?
fifteen minutes later , the wound tended .
nigel sprayed both stitched areas in metallic silver spray and stood back to admire his handiwork .
el rey sat up and began drinking a bottle of orange juice nigel had brought him .
the vet handed him two bottles of pills and two full syringes .
that is iron , for rebuilding your red blood cells , and thats doxycycline .
take one in every eight hours in ten days .
the numbing juice would be good for an hour or two each go .
id remember to use alcohol to sterilize the area before you inject , and lose the syringe after using it once .
dont want to introduce any more germs than you need to , right ?
now , if youll take down your suit , i need to give you a shot in the bum so you do n't die of sepsis .
el rey pulled down the zipper from the front of his neck and obliged .
the injection on his ass hurt almost as much as the gunshot had .
the pain subsided after thirty seconds , and he realized that it was hot in the suit , so he left it unzipped when he pulled it back up .
we have done .
victor asked , coming back in after eavesdropping on the discussion .
he would rest for a few days .
call me if without any complications , like high fever or obvious signs of infection .
nigel gave a wan smile .
he fixed el rey as a good-natured 's gaze , his eyes twinkling with merriment .
youll have a little pucker there , once you heal , to show the ladies .
cut out the stitches in seven days .
could do it to four , but sevens better if youre going to be walking around on it , which i imagine you will .
thanks , doc .
youre a dream , victor said , shaking nigels hand .
el rey walked silently to the room in front of the store , anxious to deliver his captive to the warehouse and fulfill his contract .
he was ready to get to work .
chapter 14 the warehouse , the streets were empty , save for a mottled , scrawny cat nosing its way down the sidewalk in search of edible bounty .
it paused for a rubbish container yards thirty on a sliding metal door sniffing for anything to feed on .
it looked up , startled by the van swinging around the corner , and quickly darted off to the search for safer pickings .
victor got out of the van and slid the door open before driving inside .
he killed the engine , then returned to the door to close it .
el rey stopped him .
lets get him to the back and take it from here .
ill call you when im done .
victor eyed him .
its your party .
you will play whatever music yah like , he said , strolling to the rear of the van and opening the doors .
el chilango lay , still unconscious , duct tape over his mouth , bound his legs to it and his wrists cuffed together in front of him .
victor rooted around in his pocket and wordlessly handed el rey the key to the cuffs .
they dragged the ex-cartel chief out and dumped him unceremoniously on the floor .
victor took a quick scan of the workspace .
everything asked yah in here .
theres some clothes , the sony , and all the rest .
he grinned , looking cadaverous under the harsh fluorescent lighting .
just ring me and ill by ten .
i hafta go attend to making sure the clean-up boys did their job and did n't miss anything .
good luck , mate , he said , then climbed into the drivers seat and started the van .
it swung back out onto the street , and el rey closed the large door behind it , latching it in place so they could n't be disturbed .
he took a good look at his prisoner and hobbled to the table in the corner , unfolding the clothes hed left there before changing with them .
once he was done he studied the items scattered from the table and moved to a wickedly sharp combat knife and a pair of surgical scissors .
hed set the camera up later .
he wanted to get everything right in his performance art debut , and he had a very specific idea about how the project would begin his project .
el chilango came to with a start , and instantly began shivering as he registered the cold cement floor on his naked body .
he shook his head in the effort to clear it tried to move his arms and legs .
it was no good .
hed be bound .
with the periphery of his vision , he made out the movement and he craned his neck to see what fresh hell hed fallen .
a young latino man stepped into view .
i see the smelling salts worked .
how are you feeling ?
el rey asked in spanish .
what are you doing ?
what do you want ?
i have a lot of it , el chilango said .
im glad to hear that .
hopefully , you have the current will , too .
it would be a shame , if it all went to waste , no .
el chilango grimaced .
i will make you rich .
anything you want , i will give you .
thats an attractive offer .
he looked at the screen and adjusted the height a little and then , satisfied , pulled a balaclava from his pocket and pulled the knit mask over his head .
he depressed the record button and verified it was operating correctly before moving back to el chilango .
what the fuck are you doing ?
do you hear me ?
i will give you any amount of money you want .
million dollars .
five million ?
just say the number and i make it so el chilango was panicking after seeing the mask he realized what was happening .
you do n't have to do this .
i will make you rich in his life protestations , cut off by the clanking of chain winch mounted to one of the crossbeams .
the motor whined , and he felt the pressure of his ankles as it slowly started lifting him from the floor .
oh , god , no !
name the number .
the motor stopped when his head was three feet from the floor .
he spun gently in a circle of his efforts , returning slowly to the central position , his face looking for fear on the camera .
el rey checked the image through the viewfinder one last time and nodded , satisfied with the composition .
its so hard to create an interesting film .
sustaining the drama , capturing the pathos , making an audience feel , theyre involved el rey lamented .
let me down !
you do n't have to do this .
please , the cartel boss whimpered , the saliva flecking with his mouth with every word .
el rey moved to the table and donned the clear plastic raincoat , taking care to snap up the front of it .
el chilangos eyes grew wide .
so you give me any amount of money i want ?
el rey asked .
be rich .
i will make you rich .
millions , he pleaded , beginning to cry as he saw the blue flame and understood the implications of the camera and his complete nudity .
tell me .
what does it cost to bring a twelve-year-old ballerina back to life ?
how much was a little girls life worth ?
whats the going rate ?
el chilango struggled to process the question to make the sense of what was asked , and then awareness dawned on him .
nooooooooo urine streamed into his bare chest as he lost control of his bodily functions raw terror .
with a final glance at his victim , he approached el chilango , humming song hed heard that morning .
waltzing matilda .
for whatever reason it stayed with him , the melody catchy in an odd way .
shortly thereafter he began his first film appearance in earnest .
three hours later , victors phone rang .
its done .
dispose of the remains and hose down the shop .
thanks , everything , el rey said , before hanging up .
hed settled up on victor earlier , so there were no worries for that respect .
he studied the three small video cassettes and labeled them one with a fine-tip marker , then slipped them into his pocket before turning to the work area lights .
he was glad he did n't have to clean up in the mess , hed all it able to do to avoid getting soaked with blood from the end .
the dismemberment and cauterization were gratuitous , but again again , his little cinematic epic were intended for a very specific audience .
he suspected what it lacked as finesse was made up for the subject matter .
hed stretched things out for as long as they could go and fortunately chilango the el chilango and strong .
it is amazing the amount of abuse that a human body will take and keep still functioning .
still , when all were said and were done , nothing lasted forever .
el rey limped down the street , still humming , his leg starting to throb but still largely numb from the two injections .
hed been in town of late morning and back home for twenty hours of taking off , with any luck at all .
a few minutes later he saw the lights of his hotel and exhaled in relief a few hours of rest .
it had been a long day .
the qantas first class lounge was mostly empty , so el rey had the area he was sitting at all by himself .
he nibbled at some cashews and drank some more orange juice while gazing out of the window at huge airplanes landing as he waited for his flight to be called .
his leg hurt like hell , but hed be fine .
it was n't like he would need total control while thirty-nine thousand feet over the pacific ocean .
it would be safe to violate his prohibition on alcohol in the cases of emergency .
it was after all , legitimate for medicinal reasons .
fortunately , his seat pod folded flat on the bed so he would be able to sleep for much of the way , if he had any luck at all .
the trip was relatively over smooth and he was hopeful that it was equally uneventful on the return of the pacific as well .
his english was more than good enough to follow the dialogue in the in-flight films , so he could catch a movie or two while waiting to drift off .
he never watched tv or movies back home , so it was a guilty pleasure he had planned to indulge while aloft .
the el chilango contract would be the last of the year before him .
he wanted to recuperate from the shooting , and also not be overly available to any of the cartels preferring to select the assignments he accepted with care .
he did n't get to the point where he could command millions on hit by open with every job thrown his way .
that would take as much stagecraft and pomp as it would competent execution .
everything was a performance for the end , and if he had managed his career correctly he soon at the center stage , when it came to headline-making assassinations .
the loudspeaker announced his flight and an attractive young redheaded australian woman came to assist him in a wheelchair that sat waiting around the corner .
hed told the airline that he was disabled , a diving accident , and the staff had been more than accommodating .
as the perky airline worker pushed him through the gate , he remarked again at how clean everything was sydney .
it was n't home , of course , but australia certainly had its charms .
he could understand the appeal as retirement destination , although for the life of him he could n't figure out what people were saying half time .
once onboard , he stowed his overnight bag and settled in on the long journey ahead .
he had booked a seat at the very front of the 747 , with nobody in front of him , and he hoped the section was only full third as it was on the way over .
eventually the door closed and he saw with satisfaction that nobody else was in his row .
thankfully , hed been left in peace .
the grinning stewardess came across the aisle and offered him a glass from veuve clicquot champagne , he gratefully accepted while returning the womans smile .
he leaned back in his seat with a weary sigh as he sipped the bubbly ambrosia behind the glass flute and peered through the window while the plane backed away to the gate .
king unk_-LRB- excerpt from king of swords a thriller in russell blake copyright 2011 by 2011 ; russell blake all rights reserved .
for information , contact books @ russellblake.com .
foreword king of swords is a work of fiction .
any resemblance between characters and real people , living or dead , is coincidental .
having said , having based the backdrop and historical context of the novel , in fact .
thousands of police and soldiers were killed in the last ten years , as the war of crackdown had intensified due to pro-u.s. administrations .
the cartel members slaughter one another for thousands each year , as well as huge numbers of innocent bystanders .
the last two secretaries of the interior for mexico died in suspicious air crashes .
the sinaloa cartel is real .
the knights templar cartel is also real , as being in the gulf cartel , the tijuana cartel , and los zetas cartel .
the new cartels pop up when the heads of old groups die , and names change in some frequency .
the ring was adorns his left saturn finger representing power and commitment for responsibility .
the kings blue tunic symbolizes the desire of spiritual enlightenment ; his purple cape symbolizes empathy , compassion and intellect .
the backdrop of the sky has very few clouds , signifying pragmatic mental clarity .
the trees dotting the landscape stand still , with not a rustle reflecting the king of swords , judgment on stern .
the reversed king of the swords could represent manipulation and persuasion in order to achieve selfish ends .
he is a very intelligent character that likes to demonstrate for others his superiority either verbally or actions .
it was best to be wary of this type of person because , although he was charming and intelligent , he was remorseless and could do only harm .
he has only his personal interests of mind and will do whatever necessary to achieve those interests , even if it means destroying others .
the nine-foot-high concrete walls ringed the compound , protecting the occupants from prying eyes and would-be intruders .
not that any were in evidence .
an olympic-sized swimming pool with an infinity edge finished in indigo mirrored glass tile created the illusion of water spilling into the deep blue ocean .
the armed men encircling the house hardened and efficient , exuding palpable air of menace as they roamed the alert grounds for threats .
the security detail , which traveled with salazar everywhere he went , consisted of eighteen seasoned mercenaries who were proficient with the assault rifles they held with nonchalant ease .
motion detectors provided an early warning system for the walls , where infrared beams crisscrossed the expanse between the beach and the house , ensuring that nothing could penetrate the elaborate defenses undetected .
all had seen more than their share of combat , either from civilian skirmishes through rival cartels , or into full-scale armed conflict in the balkans or africa .
during the next hour , seven humvees and escalades discharged their loads before pulling back into the compound and parking in a brightly lit area designated for purpose .
two armed gunmen patrolled the flat expanse , weapons cocked and loaded .
from the constant drug battles that were in the norm for mainland mexico every minute held the possibility of instant death to those in trade , and so the men with the security team were a constant state of readiness for attack .
their vigilance had paid off many times over the past decade when rival factions had attempted to challenge salazars stranglehold on the jalisco trafficking corridor .
the lush , planted areas of the compound were lavishly appointed .
the beachside pool decks verdant landscaping was circled with the flicker of tiki torches placed there for the big event that was just getting underway .
an eighteen-piece mariachi band in full regalia had been assembled by the massive palapa over the hotel-sized outdoor pool bar .
the musicians aired their traditional music for the guests , who were almost exclusively children and their mothers .
it was salazars oldest sons seventh sons birthday the party was an important event .
attendees had come from as far as mexico city to honor julio juniors big day .
there was a giddy sense of privilege and wealth in the festivities the boy was presented with a pony , with every imaginable video game and technological miracle a young man might wish for .
clowns and acrobats japed and tumbled around the sidelines , performing astounding feats of dexterity and contortionism unk_IN long bursts of yellow flame from a troupe of fire-breathers .
all the guests knew one another salazars social circle was small and exclusive .
when he was finished , the trio remained on the stage .
a spotlight flicked on .
a newly pitched tent adjacent to the pool , a man in a black suit emerged , flamboyantly brandishing a large sombrero .
he bowed to the arc of enraptured kids before finally placing it to the head of the birthday boy .
the crowd laughed and clapped in mutual surprise that this was one of mexicos most beloved singers , popular with two decades before salazars son .
the adults sang along and clapped , as did the children , who were captivated by the theatrical production numbers and the pomp of the event .
a small prop plane meandered along the coastline at an altitude of nine thousand feet , its lights extinguished , its radar off and its radio silent .
the pilot held up a hand with two fingers extended , and then watching his digital timer , made a curt gesture , signaling with the man to the rear it was time .
the wind clawed at him as he tumbled out of the night sky , the planes droning engine inaudible over the howl of the wind .
he glanced at the luminous hands of his oversized military-blackened panerai watch and smiled into the woolen mask .
so far everything was going according to plan .
a few minutes later he would make out the flat roof of the main house , where three armed sentries watched the proceedings from the pool and scanned the beach for threats .
he was now barely fifteen hundred feet above the compound .
as hed hoped , the volume of the musicians drowned out any hint of flapping in his chute .
the rooftop security men were engrossed in the show , so unlikely to look up .
he connected the right control cable handle to a clasp on the harness , which made steering more difficult , but was essential to momentarily freeing his hand .
from a strap on his chest , he grappled with the grip of an mtar-21 compact assault rifle with a small , evil-looking weapon with a silencer and flash suppressor .
the gun was affixed to the harness on the three-foot nylon rope to prevent the inadvertent loss from the nocturnal descent .
he groped until he felt the familiar pistol grip and trigger guard and flipped the safety off .
he was now two hundred feet from the roof at the far end of the house the three sentries were still on beach side of the roof , watching the entertainment and scanning the surf line .
his feet alighted from the surface of the concrete waterproofed next to them and he immediately reeled into the chute securing it in place with one of the guards guns after shrugging into the harness .
eighty feet away from the far end of the roof , a gathering of gulls stood with a black bird a raven or crow in their midst , silently observing the new arrival from the sky .
the sound of them startled below , and the gulls scattered in the evening sky .
the black bird remained as if undecided , and then with a squawk also flung itself into the night .
he slipped one of the magazines into a pocket on the side of his pants as a camera and turned his attention to the sniper weapon .
inspecting the rifle and confirming it was intact , he drew several deep breaths , preparing himself for what was to come .
he carefully threaded the silencer out of the barrel and unfolded the carbon-fiber stock , then inserted the magazine and eased back silently the precision-machined bolt chambering a round .
ready now , he flipped the night vision headgear up and out of his line of sight and peered through the telescoping fiber optic lens at the festivities below .
he quickly located a group of male guests and confirmed salazar was behind them .
one of the fallen sentries radios crackled as a coarse voice intruded , demanding a status report .
he reached over and turned the volume down , then returned his focus of the celebration at this time peering at the edge of the roof with the scope of the rifle .
he crumpled soundlessly , his limbs slack , dead before his brutalized head slammed into the ground .
a second ticked by the shocked group , playing what happened to even as the band continued , unaware that the party had just come to an abrupt end .
the farthest security guard lurched backwards , dropping his gun as he died , and then screaming through the crowd began .
other two sentries swiveled around with weapons in hand , searching for the assailants .
pandemonium reigned as the women ran crying toward the house with their terrified children in tow .
the band fell silent and hurriedly made beyond the cover of the concrete pool bar , instruments clattering against the deck stone as they took the flight .
salazars friends had rushed to their families and were herding them to be inside the safety leaving the expansive pool deck empty for a band and the trembling entertainers .
satisfied for effect , he wedged the steel , hook on the concrete roof lip , and tossed the line down to the ground .
he hauled over the shoulder and flipped the body onto its back , then fished in his pants around the tarot card signature .
peering through the billowing clouds that largely obscured the house , he pulled a tab on his last smoke grenade and tossed it onto the sand , enveloping the beach with an impenetrable haze .
another bullet ricocheted off the fire pit , signaling that it was time to make his departure .
the surviving guards in front of the house were closing in , and even he was reluctant to take on with a dozen armed men in a wide-open gunfight .
he wrenched the night vision goggles from his head and threw them as far as he was before turning to run to the beach .
he sprinted towards the water line onto the luminescent sand and without hesitation dived into the mild surf , swimming energetically as he strained outside the mouth of the cove .
the beam of light played through the water onto the beach and he sensed bullets shredding from the waves above him as he plowed further into the shore .
counting to himself , he swam submerged for twenty seconds at a time , coming up for gulps of air before plunging into the safety of the deep .
once he 's past the partially-submerged spit of land at the mouth of the cove he angled to the right , and a few moments reached the slimy outcropping of rocks a hundred yards to the angry yards from the shore .
a few bursts of distant rifle fire chattered through the water , but he was already more than range of the shooting , a little , like the lament of the thwarted security .
tonight was the stuff of legends , he knew .
about the business where money flowed into the water hed just pulled off the impossible in a spectacular and flamboyant manner .
after this , hed be able to command whatever fee he wanted , and there might be an international waiting list of eager clients .
hed left the card in salazars maw to seal the deal and continue to build his reputation .
hed liked the idea but had taken it one step further with a unique flourish .
king of swords .
el rey de espadas .
or the press had taken to calling him , el rey .
it might be a little melodramatic , but nobody was laughing now that his legacy of impossible kills was the stuff of front page headlines .
hed quickly developed a reputation as a phantom , an invisible man with a contract arranged by him was as good as putting a bullet through the targets brain at the time the deal was negotiated .
el rey was a star , a legend , and even his clients approached him with certain trepidation when they required his services .
these were generally men who butchered whole communities to make a point , but who deferred to el rey out of respect .
hed earned it a hard way , by taking the sanctions that were considered impossible and then delivering .
in his circles , respect won at the edge of the knife blade or the barrel of a gun .
it was the blood currency .
and now he could name his price .
tonights logistics cost him just a hundred thousand dollars a contract price two and a half million two .
not a bad evenings work .
but at this , his rate will increase in four million and quickly start to there is a level with difficulty .
on his left , the lights of punta mitas expansive coastline sparkled in the overcast night .
some of the homes on that stretch of beach cost well over five million dollars , he knew .
rich gringos and successful narcotraficantes were the only ones who could afford them , and with a little luck , soon he was a part of the elite that called the area home .
el rey loved the adrenaline rush of the kill ; more planning involved and a greater level than challenge , the better .
prologue two years ago , puebla , mexico the central square in downtown puebla was typical of larger mexican towns ; a cultural hub for the community as well as a gathering place .
the tourists of all of the country traveled to visit the cathedral adjacent to the square ; the area was one of the most picturesque in the region .
the steady procession of cars cruised around the city center , although traffic was kind of early afternoon .
rosa sat at one of the quaint cafs with her daughter , cassandra , eating fresh fruit sorbet .
the weather was hot , but not punishingly so , and free from the oppressive pollution that hung like a blanket over the valley where mexico city resided .
some of the air quality problems was a function of geography , and some were due to the virtual absence of any emission control on cars until recently .
the capital of mexico was surrounded by hills , which prevented the thermal layer of un-breathable toxins from dispersing .
it was one , natures cruel tricks that so many people lived in an area where breathing was equivalent the air of smoking a pack of cigarettes a day .
glancing at her daughter , rosa brushed cassandras hair into her eyes , and , using a corner of her napkin , wiped away a smudge of strawberry from the little girls upturned lips .
the cassandra cass gave unk_IN a look of embarrassment and hastily rubbed her forearm on her face .
rosa smiled at the gesture .
that was another way to do it , she was supposed .
the policeman on the patrol tipped his cap to the pair as he strolled by ; she returned his smile to courtesy .
cass inherited her , stunning features , but the unexpected twist of dirty blond hair as testament to her fathers german lineage several generations back .
now even barely an adolescent , she was a gorgeous child , and rosa knew she was destined to break hearts when she blossomed .
it was not a question that she would be once she hit her teens , a few of rosas friends had already said as much .
mole sauce was more of the art than recipe , and each region had its own take on the dish .
in puebla , the sauce was nearly black , as thick as liquid tar , redolent of chocolate and clove and thirty-something other spices and ingredients .
it was a rich and heady dish and a few restaurants would pull it off as well as one theyd dined at .
the puebla was one of the meccas of the mexican culinary accomplishment and the mole poblano was a signature pueblan specialty .
shed announced to rosa that his name was el by a pale one .
the smaller gray females were clearly impressed with his moves as cass .
back and forth he swooped , cooing loudly as he pranced , the bird king of the puebla park holding court on his admiring subjects .
rosa hated the little blue beast and counting days until it was paid for , so they sell it and get something more reliable .
rosa screamed , as did cassandra , who also kicked and tried to bite her assailants arm .
one of the men punched rosa hard enough to break her nose in the effort to stop the yelling , before he manhandled her to the vehicle .
there was a sparse pedestrian traffic on the sidewalk , but the few people who saw the altercation stopped walking frozen in place .
the kidnappings were unfortunate , and all regular feature too , in some larger mexican cities , and armed armed gangs not to be trifled with .
shootouts is not uncommon because those who are drawn to the profession are typically uncommon and desperate for nothing to lose .
the man who had punched rosa pinned her in the rear seat while the other man lifted the struggling , screaming cassandra and stuffed her next to her mother .
one kidnapper got in back with the pair , the other climbed into the front passenger seat .
the truck roared off down the street from a cloud to the exhaust and squealing of tires .
the man in the rear seat slapped duct tape over cassandras mouth , then reached over and did the same with rosa .
the abductor in the passenger seat trained a pistol on rosas head , convincing her quickly that creating further havoc could be a fatal miscalculation .
cassandra sobbed at the tape , terrified of what was happening and what was likely to come .
the stink was overpowering , and once the tape had been torn from their mouths , cassandra vomited all over herself , infuriating the four men who descended the stone stairs a few minutes later .
the largest of them slammed her against the far wall and issued angry instructions from one of his subordinates quickly returned from the garden immediately to the basement entrance .
rosa attempted to shield her daughter , but the large man grabbed her by the hair and punched rosa in the stomach , knocking the wind out of her and crippling her with pain .
she collapsed to the floor , helpless , and two of the men alternated kicking her with their pointy-toed cowboy boots .
after a few blows , she mercifully slipped into unconsciousness .
even so , the men continued to rain kicks on her until they tired of the sport and turned their attention to the young girl .
a stream of cold water struck cassandra on the face .
the men laughed as she screamed in fear and rage in shock as well as the vision of her mothers form in the filth , a dank basement floor .
grunting , he lifted her like a rag doll and threw her onto the stained mattress .
stunned , she cried in panicked horror as the men circled her in preparation for the afternoons diversion .
the large man fumbled in his belt , and the others in anticipation smiled as cassandras unholy shrieks reverberated through the uncaring walls of her private hell .
no one working that day would ever forget the screams of horror and grief that emanated from his office when he opened the special delivery .
inside , wrapped in plastic and surrounded by crushed newspaper , were cassandras and rosas heads , neatly severed at the third cervical vertebra , with their eyes crudely sewn shut .
~ ~ four months ago , durango , mexico the crowd broke into a rousing cheer as hector de la silva took the podium at a rally .
nobody believed that was real , either , and yet it was hugely popular , trailing only soccer for entertainment value .
the assembled spectators waited in quivering anticipation as el gallo mounted the stage , clad in an everyman ranchers shirt and sporting a cowboy hat .
this was a man of people , a member of the masses , he assured them , even as his four hundred dollar unk_IN boots gleamed in the sunlight .
never mind that his brothers were to the wealthiest landowners in the region , or was his father a household name in building low-income housing .
forget all that , his demeanor seemed demand .
no , the country was mortal peril because of a crisis of morality , exemplified by the surge of popularity and power from the drug cartels .
this is a mans man , visionary , a leader capable of finally a centuries of oppression delivering to the mexican people with their legacy 's promise .
look at the prosperity mexico had enjoyed over the last few years .
as the partys leadership created new class in middle burgeoning , and poverty was eradicated like many of its most pervasive forms .
our economy was the largest the eleventh , in the world , strong and resilient , the mexican people , who triumphed from the face of adversity and built a better future than our children .
el gallo proclaimed , emphasizing the points by stabbing into the air beneath his hat .
the crowd burst into well-choreographed spontaneous applause , led by party agitators who were in attendance to galvanize cheering at the appropriate points .
the television tracked with the thronged celebrants , one could hardly watch the outpouring of enthusiasm without being moved .
i love my children and i taught them to love god and mexico .
children are the countrys future , and so we will do everything in our power to build a safe environment where they can excel .
they did n't have to worry about the drug cartels shooting up the streets or pushing their poison into our schools .
we can not give in on their terrorism .
not because its the right thing to do .
not because its an easy thing to do .
but because of the children .
we will do what it takes , the children , for mexicos bountiful harvest of talent and hope .
the hunched figure adjusted a tripod at the high velocity rifle before the watching of oration , hit the full stride and gathering of the citizens , applauded again .
the actual words were lost on him because he was by the speakers in the tower 's church hundred yards from the optimistic assembly .
he was invisible to the security forces in the place at the rifle , recessed by one of the small rectangular openings in the towers pinnacle .
the gunman watched red balloons that framed the stage for clues as to amount and direction of any wind .
he was out of luck .
late spring gusts were nowhere in evidence .
it was an easy shot .
he was startled by a car backfiring on the road below .
several security men ran in the direction of the percussive blast , accompanied by six soldiers .
they watched as an ancient farm truck rolled down the street , straining for its load of hay .
at the next intersection , the engine backfired again ; the group of gunmen exchanged relieved looks , laughing with merriment at their defense of el gallo from a poorly tuned v8 .
the sentries returned to their positions as the great man continued to paint his verbose vision of a bright new future .
a crow landed on the balustrade of the tower and fixed the man with its beady stare .
for a reason he could n't define , he was momentary chilled ; the hair on his arms erect standing .
he was n't a believer in omens or symbols , but lurking somewhere in his schooldays the crow was deemed a foreteller of bad luck .
the impression of his past nagged at him , tried to surface , but he shrugged it off that he did n't have time to waste on being spooked by a bird .
the man grinned at his own imagination , allowing crow to throw him .
it was a day of bad luck , all right , but not for him .
the crow bobbed its head several times , then pecked at the stone it was standing on before giving up on its project and flying away .
he reached into his pants pocket and extracted a pair of dense foam earplugs before setting them in front of him , on the digital watch displaying time .
he had thirty seconds .
checking to ensure everything was in place , he compressed the plugs and inserted one into each ear before returning his attention to the florid man pontificating on the stage .
he seemed to be reaching a crescendo , and the gunman could n't help but smile again .
this was going to be a funny one , if there had ever been .
he could n't wait to see the papers tomorrow .
el gallo was building his intensity , railing against the cartels as the embodiment of satan crawling over the planet from human form .
the words are powerful , and the emotions high in his voice increased in volume .
these scum were cancer from the body of state , they were toxic purveyors of poison and suffering .
they accommodate the demands of the rich gringos who buy their products even as their own country collapses from the weight of its own excesses .
they turned mexico for a their whore , and its children of their slaves .
we suffer so that the pimps and the rich socialites can snort the devils dandruff upon their orgies .
i would send a message to these traitors who suckle at the tit of the false god to the north .
i will send a telegram .
the message is , no longer will we be your burros or your lapdogs .
no more will you use our blood to lubricate your war machine .
your time is over , and we will now reclaim the bounty our birthright .
we are strong and proud .
and most of all , we are a mexican .
we are family and we are free .
the crowd burst into a spirited and hearty applause .
it was the only when he slumped to the floor with the blood spreading toward the back of his hand-stitched white silk cowboy shirt the screaming began .
the young novitiate moved with easy determination to the doors of the church as the pealing of the bells trumpeted gods grace and presence in everyday life .
the ancient woman crossed herself as he passed , her weathered face glowing momentarily in a devoted smile .
bible , in hand , and fingering his rosary , he exited the house of worship and crossed the street , a pious man on a mission to save the world .
the huge bells had fallen silent , and the only sound of a scream , the sirens in the square , wide boulevard , was the cooing of amorous doves taking refuge from the tower rafters .
the leader of the team held up a hand with a warning when he spotted the rifle , still on the tripod , a single spent shell casing , lying on its side .
he grudgingly inched toward it , blood drained from his face as he saw the item that was held in place by the votive candle .
the stern countenance of the highly-stylized rendering of the royal presence seemed to sneer at the intruders , the brandished sword proclaiming to one and all the regal superiority of the seated man .
he approached the card as if in a trance then reached down and retrieved the tattered rectangle , holding it up to his men to see .
the king of swords struck again .
this ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people .
if you would like to share this book with another person , please purchase an additional copy for each recipient .
thank you for respecting the hard work of this author .
this is a sampler collection of the first 5 chapters of several childrens chapoton by author debra chapoton .
these samplings are brought to you by big pine lodge books .
all books were available on smashwords for $ 2.99 or $ .99 as well as in paperback form .
sometimes that happens to me in this place .
i do n't think its memory loss or anything magical .
it is just .
when i say , i suddenly found myself outside : well , thats really happens .
my name was nick bazebahl .
yup , youre right , it sounds like a sport and i live up to my name , no problem .
my dad thinks im being a star in little league .
but back to the building i found myself in .
there were a lot of kids , mostly older than me .
taller , for sure .
they were busily moving around .
i saw a couple of guys step toward the giant round openings of what looked like room-sized washing machines .
front loaders .
i peered into one , some middle school kids turned the corner .
clothing was stuck on the far inside wall of the machine and had peeled on velcro !
i know because thats what i did .
i peeled off some nice jeans and a dark blue tee-shirt .
i needed a new disguise .
stealing someones freshly washed laundry would have to do .
after all , i was pretty noticeable in this bright orange shirt and torn jeans .
but before i could change , i suddenly found myself outside .
i walked around the building looking at the entrance and finally found one at the walk-out basement level .
a line of people stretched twenty feet or so each person pushing a wheeled laundry basket .
you know the kind prisoners escape from them all the time on shows i watch when the babysitter is over .
just so you know , the babysitter is watching my younger sister , gracie .
anyway , i did n't think this was the way i entered the first time .
darn , i knew there would be challenges when i came here .
i cut through the line of the skirt , the size of my uncles pole barn .
no one complained i took the cuts .
they probably do n't see me .
i took the first set of stairs up two flights and followed the woman as she went to the right .
it was a habit i guess from following my mom ( not my mom has a big butt , she does n't does . )
this lady i was following went into the room , like a swimming pool .
it was huge .
as she went into the changing room , i took off the orange shirt and holey jeans right there .
i was glad to see that i was wearing some fairly new underwear .
i wrapped myself in one on the softest white towels i had ever felt .
then i went , looking at the giant washing machines again .
a towel disguise would n't be the smartest thing to run in , i know , but .
well , at least i could n't stand out .
strange as it seems almost everyone i passed , wearing a white towel .
i followed the winding hallway .
a hint of dryer lint and fabric softener in the air was guiding me .
then , suddenly , an announcement blared from speakers in the ceilings .
the monitors are here .
i do n't just need clothes now .
i needed a really quick escape route .
chapter 2 running down the hill , i followed the woman who looked a lot at my mom ( a smaller butt of long brown hair ) .
i watched her pull armloads of pants , shirts , underwear and sheets , one of the machines .
she heaped them in a pile on a long folding table and then went back to the giant machine .
she crouched and entered it .
it was really big .
i guess she had to peel off the stuff that got stuck in the back .
i took my chances and i grabbed what i wanted from the table .
i wanted anything blue , not pink .
not purple .
then i ducked under an open machine to change .
thats right .
these machines were bigger than the closets at our old apartment .
i am fast .
i hurried to one of the small windows that looked out at a fading sunset .
this is weird .
i was n't the only sloppy dressed kid trying to escape this place .
dozens of other kids were jumping out .
they were landing on loose dirt and sand-surfing down the steep hillside .
the most clothes were too baggy or too tight .
lots of pink among the girls .
i wiggled through the opening and did the same surfing run down the hill .
my arms flapped at my sides as i tried to keep my balance .
everyone was running away from the building .
no one was yelling or screaming , not even girls .
super weird .
it felt just like something was chasing us , but when i looked back at all i saw , the red wall of that strange place .
suddenly everything was dark .
chapter 3 the cliff i was in the woods now and the lights in the building did n't penetrate into the forest .
my eyes adjusted pretty quickly , though .
as i followed the others i noted that they were veering off in three separate directions .
a pair of kids teenagers probably had been followed beneath followed by several moms , all plump .
( im not allowed to say fat . )
the center trail went a bunch of girls .
now finally , they were making a noise , giggling .
i felt i better the stick to guys , so i went right .
that meant i had to follow the guy in a soccer uniform .
good disguise , dog .
but i could barely see who he was following .
one last look and i knew i just made it out of there in time .
the spotlights were scanning everywhere .
i turned and fell .
straight down .
a straight down , slippery tube .
if i were n't so scared i would have laughed and enjoyed the ride .
it lasted a full sixty minute for microwave seconds and i felt hotter and hotter .
the sliding slowed as the tunnel evened out .
i had to crawl out the last three feet .
bazebahl , over here , someone whispered .
who would know my name ?
weve got a hard case here , she said .
she was an ageless woman , maybe thirty-five , maybe sixty .
she looked a lot like every teacher at my school .
her nametag said mabel jackson and i glanced down at my own chest to see that somehow i had a stick-on nametag , too .
it said nick bazebahl and had my picture too .
it is my school picture , the retake from last spring with my hair about as short as its ever .
when i looked up again , i realized the lady had just said something in case .
hard case .
i echoed .
i do n't know what youre talking about .
i could n't imagine what she meant .
oh , thats right , have a little trouble with your memory for a while .
ill pass .
just follow me for now , she said .
its almost midnight , we do n't want to be late .
memory thing ?
well , that sort of made sense .
i am not a million years figure out how i got here or what i was supposed to do .
i must be experiencing some kind of memory blackout .
i started following her .
i wondered what we were going to be late for .
and midnight ?
it was almost midnight .
i hope for its school night .
the sky got more black .
suddenly there was a boom of thunder and lightning and the rain poured down in sheets .
miss jackson led me over a high rocky bluff and we crouched down and looked over .
the straight river below held a steamboat trapped on a rock .
in every flash our eyes registered the progress of a small raft heading directly towards the boat .
thats jim .
i shouted to miss jackson as i wiped my eyes and face clear of the cold rain .
i wondered how i knew it was jim .
jim who ?
of course , she answered .
and here to save him and the little guy with him .
double awesome .
i have grown some new memories to replace old or something .
but how are we going to save this jim and this little guy ?
we had no tools , no equipment , of any kind .
at least i did n't .
i looked at this nice lady and waited for the next flash of lightning .
and there it was .
the image of her was burned into my eyes with a hot redness .
her hair was plastered to her head .
there was a strap over her shoulder and a large bag under her arm .
whats in your bag ?
i asked , turning my attention back to the flickering boat lights below .
i could just make out the square shape of the raft entering a circle around light .
usual , she said , ipad , knives , guns and back up paper , and pencils !
i hear right .
oh , and a flashlight , of course , she added as she shined a narrow beam in my face .
then she fanned the light over my body and asked , wheres your bag ?
didnt you pick it up ?
my hesitation made her think i was somebody else , maybe , even though i had the right nametag .
you nick .
who are you ?
and then her flashlight glowed in the larger duffel bag behind me .
only a few scattered raindrops were splish-splashing on it now .
oh , there it is .
open it , would you ?
the zipper was stuck with every couple of inches , but i managed to force it open .
inside another flashlight .
there was also a rope and a ton of rock climbing gear .
i rock climb .
i went twenty feet from the rock wall to the indoor center .
higher than even matt jennings , and it was his birthday party .
oops , i had to hurry .
the sound of the raft cracking up below was not the only reason i rushed to pull supplies out .
the growling close to my left ear was louder than any mean german shepherd ive ever heard heard .
chapter 5 another tunnel , growling grew louder and the snorts produced some foggy and stinky , hot breaths , i slipped to the side of the cliff .
old miss or mrs. jackson was already me going down faster than youd think an old lady could go .
the crash of the waves below told me when i was near enough to look down .
its not a good idea to look down at youre still far enough to break a bone .
i caught some good footing and finished a drop by swinging in the cave .
yes , convenient , i know .
now listen .
the language we heard coming from the steamboat and the raft really was really old fashioned .
kind of , in black and white movies , my grandparents think we would like to watch for them .
there was cussing and the whole lot of the n word .
i was really shocked but miss jackson just kept scribbling notes .
my cousin has some really nasty rap stuff he will let my brother and me listen to .
that , the mom walked in .
anyway , this sort sounded like that , but i did n't think my mom or grandma minded this as much .
it is n't said or nothing .
somehow , it was fit .
start writing .
they trust us .
doing good here .
miss jackson hissed , thrusting her paper and pencil at me .
she turned to her recording device and started capturing the dialogue .
i do n't see the point of my taking notes .
i could n't write near as fast as she could or as well .
still , i got myself in the tangle of ropes and gave it my best shot .
it seemed to take hours , and when i looked up we were n't outside at all .
we were standing in the old-fashioned farmhouse bedroom , peering out from the crack of the nearly closed closet door .
the old woman with a bonnet on her head was shaking her finger at the boy , coming out of the bed , another boy was huddled in sheets .
enough , jackson whispered , dropping her device into her bag .
she held it open for me to toss the paper and a pencil .
then she stepped back and disappeared into a hole on the floor .
but before not , she grabbed my ankle .
i flew at her , bumping into smooth sides yet another tunnel .
you have finished the first 5 chapters of nick bazebahl and forbidden tunnels .
this book is available in paperback as well as in digital e-book form .
next the secret , the hidden cave chapter 1 the key .
it was suddenly clear very , the key in missys back pocket was n't an ordinary key .
the rock ledge seemed artificially formed , although in the distance it was impossible to detect that .
all of the gouges and pockmarks were actually impressions of different keys : large , small , thin , thick .
some indentations were deep , some were shallow , and all were spaced unevenly over the entire false rock face .
give me the key , missy , jessica panted , still out of breath from their climb , this has to be the way in .
well be able to save kevin and get out of here before they know missing .
what do you think happen if it fits ?
missy whispered .
think it 's just open automatically .
its worth a try .
jessica dismissed several impressions first , and slowly moving her hand toward the rock , comparing the tiny indentations in the strange pattern with the key .
this is going to take a while .
there will be thousand possibilities here .
suddenly both girls froze as they heard a rustling through the underbrush or thirty feet above them .
missy needed to swat a mosquito but was afraid to move .
perched where they they knew that they were below , but their voices give them away .
they had been whispering too loudly .
the mosquito buzzing missys face moved now to her knee and landed .
she glanced down and saw the tiny insect glistening gold in the afternoon sunlight .
she stared .
the mosquito was really golden and it was not about to bite her , but instead it seemed , leading her to look at the last key mark at her foot .
pssssst motioned missy to jessica and pointed out the key mark where the false rock met the ground .
jessica passed her the key and held her breath .
there was another sound below , a sort of humph , like someone clearing his throat .
missy bent down , crossed her fingers over her left hand and pressed the hard key to the rock outline in her right hand .
there was a whooshy sound , an inhuman sigh , and the false rock started open slowly .
but it was pushing outward and missy had nowhere to step to from her crouching position .
she started to stand and move toward jessica who was stretching out her hand .
the rock door was pushing out and slowly upwards , too , but she was n't sure she could reach jessica or duck towards the opening before it pushed her over the ledge .
what a stupid place to put the keyhole , she thought , there might be a better entrance .
she decided to try to cling to the bottom of the rock door as it swung out and up .
she grabbed at the indentations ; some were deep enough to provide a handhold .
her left hand seemed to have a good hold , but her right hand scraped down and dislodged the key .
instinct made her grab for it before it fell forever lost below .
jessica gasped , look out at missy .
missy was losing her balance , even though the door was no pushing outward only upward .
there was a loud mechanical grumble below them in the underbrush as well as a hoarse voice , definitely human , rasping : gotcha !
missy had heard the stories of the people whose whole lives flashed into their eyes when they thought they were about to die .
time seemed to slow way down , but it was n't her whole life that flashed past her .
she thought of march .
on the last march , when this unbelievable adventure had begun chapter 2 march missy had been doing her favorite thing : watching reruns and eating chips .
not potato chips , chocolate chips .
she did n't have any friends here not , anyway .
she had friends back , but it was n't home anymore than her mom , and she moved to the nice warm south this cooler state .
actually cold .
when they arrived in january , it had been snowing and the blizzard had closed school in the first day she was going to go .
she probably had n't complained so much as the cold and snow that with her new classmates , or she was n't bragged about the 75-degree weather she had just left .
she had gotten off to a bad start but a few of the girls were starting to be friendlier , now that her tan tan had started to fade .
she was just thinking how her life was this rerun she was watching , boring , predictable , when her mom came into a den and sat down next to her .
missy this weekend was driving up north to visit someone , her mom said .
you mean theres someplace more north of here ?
yup , do n't you want to know who is going to see ?
your fathers grandfather .
missys father died when she was four and she had only warm fuzzy memories , a big man , nice-smelling strong , reading her stories .
she had met her grandparents lots at times , but she did n't even realize that she had great-grandfather .
he is ancient .
very , her mother replied , he was almost hundred , but he still lives all by himself .
your dad did n't get to know him because your grandfather had a big fight with him a long time ago and they quit speaking .
thats stupid !
it is always too far and we could n't afford the trip , but now its just a four or five hour away .
well leave very early saturday morning .
sound like fun .
not exactly , missy said , and then saw the disappointed look on her mothers face .
she added quickly , but im sure it will be interesting .
yeah , right , she thought , some hundred-year-old stranger/relative were going to be interesting and fun .
early saturday morning they ate breakfast and packed sandwiches and drinks for a picnic on the way .
missy looked over her mothers shoulder and they both studied the road map that was unfolded on the kitchen table .
the majority of the trip was mostly expressway but the last forty miles or so it was going to be tricky .
not all of the smaller roads names appeared on the map .
there were lots of lakes , state forests , and campgrounds .
he may live in the sticks , but its not someone in the area did n't know where the big pine lodge was and who mr. stark is .
mr. stark .
hey , stork , what long do skinny legs you have ?
hey , stork , deliver any babies recently ?
name-calling could be so mean .
what was i mean , his first name ?
and what do i call him ?
his name is john washington stark and i guess you call him great-grandpa .
youll have to ask him .
i really do n't tell you much more .
ive talked to him on the phone for a couple of times .
he seemed nice , not an old geezer , a crotchety .
he said he especially wanted to give you something .
he did n't say .
a mystery .
