once he worn the trendy italian leather shoes and jeans in paris , who had three cost hundred euros .
today the feet of unk_NN were bare and bleeding .
he wore tattered cotton pants stained on the floor of his cell and a simple white t-shirt .
even so , he still towered over two guards at his side , tall and broad-shouldered .
a collective gasp rise up from the myriad dark eyes staring at him in the park , and unk_RB thought probably people gathered here today , barely recognized him .
unk_PRP did n't mind .
old unk_NN was gone , and he was a different person now .
the new unk_NN did n't mind standing barefoot in dirty white , unk_NNS unk_NNS , and beautiful women in his every move .
after a few minutes , he was dressed in pure white , screaming the name of one who made him able to sing in the first place .
" unk_NN !
i 'm sorry . "
the young sweaty guard , who had death grip on unk_NNP 's arm , unk_NN was named .
" they unk_VBP waiting , " unk_NN said reluctantly .
" you have to come now . "
unk_PRP felt his feet slap on the hot soiled square in slow motion .
next to the chipped concrete chopping block , the executioner waited in crisp black uniform and aviator unk_NNS , gripping the saudi arabian scimitar .
at attention , a few steps stood behind , two doctors with white coats watching the proceedings .
one of them held a gray dove tarp folded neat and square this would be to wrap unk_PRP 's body .
none of unk_NNP 's family had any intentions of burying their wayward relative in a christian manner .
whether for a moment his dead body laid on the ground facing mecca , or not the last thing in unk_NNP 's mind .
several feet from one of the shields of opaque policemen peeped pale face out into a nondescript unk_NN black veil .
she came .
unk_PRP surged through him , and he stared at her , taking in the last beauty he would ever see in this place called earth .
he met her , weeping eyes calmly , intensely begging her not to cry and give herself away .
i see you again , my sister .
and then the time for scanning the solemn crowd was up , unk_NN and the other guard , forced unk_NNS on his knees .
hot fingers grabbed his temple like a vise , twisting his head to one side , unk_VBG one cheek to the icy concrete .
urgent hands still held him down , kneeling and unk_RB realized he was facing the crowd saw unk_NNP was looking up at heaven .
i have married you .
unk_PRP swallowed and an apple in his adam grazed the abrasive stone .
we had gone away from germany or canada together .
you can end up unk_VBN and disheveled with all those children , and i get bald and wrinkly .
but we sit together at the fireplace every night with our children , singing in a guitar and loving each other .
a unk_NN of black cloth descended in front of unk_NNP 's vision and cinched around the hard knot of his skull .
the blindfold pressed his lashes tightly to his cheeks , leaving him blind , each beat with his heart slowly echoing in the darkness .
the pressure of the hands in his head and unearthly disappeared and the unearthly hush descended from the park .
read the charges behind him loud out a list of things unk_PRP could never imagine becoming .
satan 's worship began to unk_NN loudly to pray in arabic , and unk_PRP waited for his temple on the icy block .
in the prison , he was warned , if he moved the blade would miss and he would n't be killed in the first fall of the scimitar .
dove cooed overhead .
heart pounding on his chest , unk_NN waited in the darkness knowing that just more minute he could see the light .
the karate had gone 1 bad , she laid the guitar case on a smooth tree stump of pines and cried knowing the trees could only hear .
a few tears later she stopped , scrubbing her face with her soft unk_VBN skirt , never one of a prolonged weeping .
she let her eyes on the run in the battered case , balanced on an ancient stump of the offering , then carefully opened a dented clasps .
honey-colored taylor guitar still nestled in the emerald velvet .
noah , this is guitar .
unk_NN sniffed loudly and smiled , remembered him grinning from the stool in front of the caf , playing this guitar and singing his heart out .
she cradled taylor in her lap and began to pick her way for a few chords .
it was three months and it still hurt .
his arm was unk_AFX around when the bus went into the ravine , but she was thrown out the window of safety .
noah have n't made it .
then she was here in montana , living with her parents at the ranch her childhood home .
the life of an missionary in the unk_NN was over , dreams had smashed into pieces of shattered glass on the bus where noah died .
chapter a new about to begin , and honestly unk_AFX really did n't think she was ready .
staying here on a little bench sheltering the circle of trees at the ranch , better sounding and time all better .
a sharp crack sounded like the foliage .
unk_NN tensed and huddled in a comforting familiarity with the guitar , totally aware that her reaction to the sound was overkill .
this is ranch after all .
squirrels and birds live in the trees that surrounded her , and yellowed the leaves constantly crunching their way to the ground now the full fall would swing .
but by the bus accident of unk_NN , she was kidnapped and nearly killed by the muslim group that had bombed her bus .
so the unexpected sounds made her a little nervous .
that is ok , is n't it ?
" holy cow ! "
she shrieked without meaning nearly dropping guitar to her toes .
because all of the sudden defying her expectations , the little noise will end up a little noise , figure up a stray squirrel unk_VBG around in the trees , a solid male figure emerged from the shadows .
she unk_VBD , the adrenaline of the vision full of a broad-shouldered man of skin color from mocha latte wearing a black shirt and brown corduroys .
" holy cow ! "
she gasped again , less fear and more irritation lacing her voice now .
the intruder was now shadows , holding up two tan hands with a gesture , meant to calm her down .
the dark curls that hung around his collar , but those clear hazel eyes were gone .
all seven unk_NN children had them .
" unk_NN !
it was me , " he said only adding more fuel to the storm of adrenaline and annoyance lashing her insides .
the unk_NN .
were here .
her house in montana .
unk_NN , unk_NN , a group who tried to kill her .
he was a bomb noah killed in the bus .
and then he left everything behind to save unk_NN .
" you scared of you , unk_NNS to me ? "
she managed to feeling a scowl for herself .
she never imagined she could see him here .
sure of unk_NN , they had both been recruited by a man named rupert at the work of an organization called unk_NNS .
unk_NN had known she could see unk_RB again for the next week when they set off on an exploratory trip to make their final decision about working on the unk_NN of the future .
but for goodness sake she supposed to have the weekend still to deal with this before seeing unk_RB again .
" what are you doing here ? "
she demanded .
yes , this was a friendly midwest , but unk_NN recognized not the tiniest hint of welcome in her voice .
now she was just plain irate .
and scared .
some of the spark in unk_NNP 's hazel eyes faded .
" last week , we said we 'd meet up on a trip since we both headed the same way .
and , unk_NN , i said i will find you .
and here are you ?
montana . "
because unk_RB asked her to forgive him , they talked on the phone for a few minutes every couple weeks of unk_NN .
" see you soon then , " unk_RB said in her cell a week ago .
" i-i 'm sorry , " unk_NN exhaled slowly and closed her eyes .
they opened to unk_IN crossing the space between them tentatively , then offering a hand in greeting .
they unk_VBD mechanically , unk_NN and cautiously unk_RB took a seat in the other extreme of the bench .
he looked younger than his hair shaved a face smoothed by many of the tortured lines marked it three months earlier .
the light in his eye flickered begging unk_NN to let it come back to life as she promised him for a forgiveness for what he had done .
she let light live or blow it back out .
her heart hurt as she crossed her arms over her gray unk_NN top and tried a hint of a smile .
" i 'm , sorry sorry .
i really , just wo n't be expecting you . "
" i know , " unk_NN 's lips twisted into a smile .
" i just thought i 'd drop by so we could take a trip to morocco together .
i carry your stuff .
and i thought , uh , i see where you live , maybe meet your parents . "
all , unk_NN fought at polite words , while nearly swallowing her tongue .
" meet my parents . "
she blinked hard at the memory of the unk_NN , first connecting on her face , a sudden gravity as she spun with the dirt and collapsed .
unk_IN pressing the hunting knife in her throat and dragging her through the forest .
this guy is a killer .
and her best friend unk_NN , brother .
and insanely her insanely future co-worker .
the little panicked her gaze flitted at her little sanctuary in the trees , the cedar bench as long as she can remember .
beyond was a house she had always known her childhood bedroom , the living room where she ripped open presents for christmas and drank coffee from a good novel .
" ok , " she blurted .
" my parents are n't here though , though .
they still both work . "
" fine . "
unk_RB leaned back against the bench , seemingly content , just taking shades of changing autumn leaves .
unk_NN suddenly felt smothered , faced at the prospect of the next several days of his company .
what in the world were they supposed to talk about ?
she eyed him sideways , but he just sat there on that zen-like tranquility , meditating at the nature .
it was making her crazy .
" i 'm taking karate !
with your instructions , " she informed him just to break the silence .
unk_NN 's eyes lit up in surprise and he tore his gaze from the unk_JJ trees .
" good .
unk_RB raised one eyebrow and grinned dangerously as he eyed unk_NNP plaid long plaid skirt .
" think you 'll show me some of what you learned .
" that .
" why not ? "
unk_NN frowned .
" right now .
like to you fight ?
are you serious ? "
" sure .
i got to see if you unk_VBP unk_VBG . "
" besides , " unk_NN 's tone was quiet yet challenging .
" i do n't think you can turn down the chance to give me a few good kicks . "
suddenly he was on a bench and a few feet away , feet planted firmly on the ground .
" unk_NN is n't nice . "
" now , " unk_NN solemnly , " i do n't want too mean to you , either since this is our first fight .
so , today i was just going to use beginner skills .
just show me what you got . "
that sidestepped unk_RB back to her back so fast she barely had time to register he was going to try to grab her behind .
not ready .
unk_NN 's eyes widened as she racked her mind about what she was supposed to do in this situation .
she was going to the classes , every stinking day , after all .
even if unk_RB had told her to do to karate to make her feel better , it worked .
whacking and kicking things ended up entertaining very way to spend the last months there .
the correct kick flashed through her mind as she was already beginning to execute it on instinct .
she managed to twist away from unk_AFX just in time , feeling the thickness of his arms was in the brush on her cheek .
ha ha !
apparently , all hours before practice were paying off .
but now unk_RB coming to her again , ready to take a swing in her head .
moving easily , unk_NNP ducked to the left just in time then rolled to the ground and shot a strong kick upward to the belly of barely missing unk_NN .
it appeared her muscles , really stronger than all those hours spent in karate unk_AFX studio .
" man ! "
he eyed her for something she could almost call an appreciation .
" you unk_VBP fast .
you can hold me off for a while in those lightning kicks .
unfortunately , because i am bigger , i can do this . "
before she even knew how it happened , he hauled her to her feet and had her under a near-by tree .
there was no way she could escape his weight and his steely grip on her elbows , tightened painfully if she even attempted to move .
" no , no . "
she shrieked , feeling the rage of losing , and the powerlessness of not being able to do a thing about it .
blame it on only a child , but the unk_NN hated losing .
" get to me . "
there would be she grunted and flung her head backwards , just where she imagined unk_NNP 's eye socket .
she actually saw a few white stars in her skull connected to his face , but the satisfaction of hearing him swear under his breath was more worth it .
but that was her last move .
hold on her elbows even more and unk_RB pressed her farther against the tree , his cheek plastered to hers .
" ok , you win , " she pronounced , speaking carefully to her lips , only centimeters from the tree bark .
" you did really well , though . "
the hiss of unk_NN 's breath in her ear was quite annoying .
" i 'll show you how to do this hold , i got your arms in .
someday i hope you should be able to kick my rear in the fight , least if i have the flu well . "
unk_NN glared , hoping he could see her scowl on the side as he pulled away from her and released the death hold on her arms .
a sharp crack sounded across the clearing .
unk_NN 's gaze jerked upward with a flurry of dust and bark rained down on her head , the dull unk_NN of the object slamming into her tree .
" down ! "
unk_RB growled in her ear .
her knees buckled as his weight slammed into her and they crashed into the ground .
her first thought was that it was a bullet .
someone is shooting at us .
unk_RB remained on her top and she flipped her head to the source of the sound , more than little frantic .
unk_RB unk_RB whipped out the gun and was in position to shoot anything that came out of sight of the trees .
but instead of another bullet in a low voice cut through the clearing .
" get away from her or you unk_VBP a dead man .
the next time i wo n't miss . "
unk_NN 's mind unk_VBD over an unbelieving .
this is not happening .
the forearm of unk_NN tensed as the gun as a lanky man in denim jacket appeared , unk_VBD under the golden oak tree .
his eyes narrowed and he trained an unwavering shotgun exactly as unk_NNP 's head .
" do n't shoot . "
unk_NN screamed to the man , holding a gun .
" it 's ok .
do n't shoot . "
she elbowed unk_RB elbowed the sizzling face of chagrin .
" get off ! "
she gasped .
" i ca n't breathe .
he wo n't shoot us , it 's just my dad . "
rachel unk_NN met and married her husband , eduardo , unk_NN of unk_NN .
they have three adorable children and currently live in a beautiful unk_NN .
unk_GW @ @ hotmail.com , im not crazy .
now i hate one of the unk_NN , but when i say all hell broke loose , im talking about fire and brimstone kinda kinda .
some quick first background to the point of the photo , my friend isaac has taken the picture , is climbing we have been climbing for nearly twelve hours , and roughly now , 1500 at the 1500 of the valley floor .
we started up the steep snow face well before dawn and for a day break , the skies looked clear and the winds were light .
it was really a beautiful day .
mid-morning that had all changed .
the skies clouded over and brought with it the winds , plummeting to the temperatures and light snow .
no biggie to the right .
you say about most unk_NNS , a few flurries would normally normally increase the pucker factor .
i did n't go to the definition of pucker factor , but trust me , the high pucker factor really was not good .
as it was , we were looking for a low unk_NN , so i really was n't too worried , but i keep a watchful eye on deteriorating conditions .
shortly at that photo all hell broke loose .
the skies became angry and violent .
the temperatures hovered around zero and the light snow opened up into a full blown blizzard .
has every anyone dropped the ice cube on your back ?
well , that was a welcome relief to the pile of snow .
fortunately , due to my superior intellect , i was able to recognize the repetitive event after only caught on them five times .
before the sixth dowsing in the snow , i pulled my hood over my head .
i know , i know pure genius .
isaacs and my plan to climb was simple .
once we reached that snow , it was slope ( but dangerous ) , climbing onto the summit .
no right problemo .
or so we thought .
i have to admit .
by the time we were making that traverse as the diamond i was tired .
i had n't worked on my conditioning , as well as i was wearing prior to climb and the higher elevations really wearing me out .
to make matters worse , i did n't bring enough food or water , so my energy reserves were pretty low .
my relief led isaac to traverse while i hung back and paid out the rope .
i hung on a large block that sheltered me from the spindrift avalanches above while i watched isaac pick his way out of the cliff .
a little a little , he alternated his hands and feet as he moved sideways , relying on the hand and footholds hold him on a steep cliff .
hanging there in the cold , the winds howled .
i could feel the energy draining from my body for a minute .
i shivered uncontrollably now and shook out each hand to knock some warmth back to them .
time seemed to move so slowly as i watched isaac cross that cross .
so every often , isaac placed a piece of climbing gear into the rocks and threaded the rope around it .
if he fell , hed drop only a length of climbing gear , instead of 1500 feet below .
halfway , stopped isaac traverse .
he was on the point now that called a notch unk_NN .
a notch unk_NN was a wide break from the cliff , which ran nearly to the top of the mountain .
it was far less steep and if viewing it in the distance , it was even considered unk_NN carved on top of the cliff .
i watched isaac stand as the statue far out in front of me .
he did n't move .
he did n't look up .
he did n't look around .
he just stared straight ahead .
come on , sally .
grow some balls and move .
im freakin unk_NN here , i remember thinking about myself as i watched him stand idly by .
just then , the world went white to me .
the enormous spindrift , the avalanche careened off the cliff face behind me and completely blocked my view of isaac .
holy unk_JJ , i yelled out only i did n't say unk_NN .
no sir , that was a lot of snow enough to fill up a couple of very large houses .
i felt the rope go taut and pulled hard to take up the slack .
i was scared .
i feel sickening feeling in the pit of my stomach as i envisioned isaac swept across the cliff as an avalanche .
a moment later , as the last of the snowy dust floated on by , i could see him .
isaac still standing where i saw him last .
the rope had only gone taut due to the weight of the snow as it rushed towards it .
isaac not swept away .
dude , can you see that ?
i yelled out isaac but he never heard me .
i saw isaac look up at the notch unk_NN then shuffle quickly across .
facing the mountain , he moved his right foot to his right , then moved his left foot over to match it .
and over , isaac repeated the shuffling sequence of the cliff as he continued to stare up at the top .
as he moved , i paid out the rope , holding him in case , he lost his footing and slipped off the edge of the cliff .
i was his lifeline , but i had no idea if i could hold his weight in the event of the fall .
watching him cross , i looked down the full length of 1500 foot cliff .
we are high .
due to conditions of the deteriorating , we needed to move faster and place less gear along the route for protection from the fall .
i felt the damned scared but buried my fears and concentrated on my job .
moments later isaac made it to the other side of the snowy slope .
suddenly , i heard a loud unk_NN .
isaac has gone again .
i pulled hard on the rope and locked off my device of belaying .
then i saw it in the falling snow .
a mother of all spindrift avalanches , creating a white cloud of snow that rushed down the snowy face and the cliff .
oh , crap .
i remember saying in my mind but again i did n't say the crap .
i braced myself again on the tug i figured isaac .
seconds later , the rope went slack .
the snow was clear out , isaac was , still clinging to the rocks on the other side of the snow slope , and he was grinning to ear to ear .
unk_NN , can you see that ?
isaac yelled over the cliff face at me .
the rush of beating the tempest had his adrenaline pumping .
i could see he was scared yet invigorated .
ok , man , youre next up , he yelled out at me .
a sick feeling swept through me .
it indeed my turn to run the gauntlet .
i looked at me in a futile attempt to avoid the inevitable , but finally isaac back yelled over at me again .
unk_RB , you got to hurry .
lets go , he yelled out at me with deep impatience in his voice .
quickly i dismantled anchors , holding me on the mountain and started my way through the rock and the snowy cliff .
in hand hand , i reached for anything i grab , each time double checking that isaac taking up slack .
the rocky face was cold and now had a light dusting of snow on it .
my thin unk_NN gloves were great when the temps was forties , but now , the temps around hovering zero , rendering the gloves almost useless .
my fingers were so cold , they were cramping as i reached for my next handhold .
i was now become increasingly worried i was n't going to be able to hold on much longer .
my survival instincts kicked in and i was dug deep .
i moved quickly and deliberately , but lunges continually , who continually held me to balance .
my heart was pumping and i could feel the anxiety building as i closed the distance , the snowy slope to my right .
a minute later , as my hands were giving out , i made my final step down the snow slope where i fell forward and rested .
good job dude , now cross unk_NN , i heard isaac yell behind me as i lay , and rested .
as if in a dream state i heard him yell to me and you got time avalanches .
i yelled out in disbelief .
up at that moment , i had n't realized the amount of snow falling .
the snow at some point out on that cliff increased in intensity as heavy to savage .
snowflakes were large and accumulating at the rate of nearly two feet an hour .
with that much unstable snow behind us , the spindrift avalanches was now rolling down a notch unk_NN in every fifteen seconds .
crossing at 50 feet , unk_EX will take all of that fifteen , seconds if you moved fast .
if you ca n't disastrous the result .
that much snow can easily sweep you off and the cliff .
perfect , i remember saying to myself .
no sooner than i unk_VBD , i watched the wall of snow barreling down behind me as it roared through the snow , slopes the narrow valley above .
quickly i dug my hands and feet into the snow and hung on .
i watched for only a moment , then just impact , i buried my head down on my shoulders and braced myself with a terrifying wave of snow .
at first , the snow flowed from me to a gentle stream of water , but that did n't last long .
a split second later , i felt a full force against the wall of snow that raged at top of me .
it taunted me , laughed at me , mocked my insignificant strength as it pushed and dragged me lower in my unk_JJ position .
nooo , i remember screaming in my mind as my feet broke free of the solid land and floated into space .
i was going on the cliff was the edge of the cliff edge that perched the 1500 feet of the world .
is this really going to suck ?
suddenly , all went quiet .
as quickly as the avalanche came , it went .
i crawled higher immediately and leapt to my feet .
i gave a cursory glance at the cliff edge , just inches from me , then isaac over .
he was smiling , unk_NN , you almost cratered the man .
he yelled at me .
then he added , lets go now .
i knew i had only seconds before the next wave of snow came .
isaac pulled hard on the rope , snapping me in my foggy state and i started off onto the open snow slope .
the snow was now deep in almost my knees , and i dug deep into my reserves to plow into a heavy mess .
forty feet , thirty feet , twenty feet i powered by the slope of the steaming locomotive , focusing the only unk_JJ destination .
i saw isaac look upward and i knew its disaster the way .
harder and more determined , i plowed through the last feet steps .
twenty feet of ten feet then i heard the roar of a wave from above .
i looked up and saw the next wall of the snow roiling as it charged down the snow slope .
suddenly , i felt the hard jerk of my jacket only it had n't sideways it .
isaac reached out , grabbed my jacket and hauled me to safety .
dude , man , you are almost a pretty cool statistic , huh ?
isaac yelled at me with a roar like an avalanche .
yeah , cool , i replied grimly .
isaac set up a bomber anchor system and for a moment i felt fairly secure .
i looked over isaac and he was now looking at the rock wall behind us .
ok , man , we got to climb up this rocky face , then step into the corner of the diamond .
thats where it gets a little sketchy .
well do that short pitch of the rock then step off that and the snow slope above .
sound ok ?
i remember isaac asking me .
yup , i replied with teeth dryly in gritted .
what are we thinking ?
freakin diamond is what a unk_JJ peak in the middle of the winter , we are insane .
whats the diamond you ask ?
only the mother of all the rock faces in colorado .
its nearly 2000 feet of sheer and overhanging the rock , only best and most skilled 's climbers attempt to climb .
fortunately , we were only planning on doing very last fifty feet of it .
at least that was the plan .
that last section was supposed to be relatively easy climbing , but now it was getting dark , and the snows really were accumulating on rocky surfaces we were depending on handholds .
hold me , i want to check out the diamond , isaac said to me .
i paid out the rope as he worked lower in his way to the cliffs edge .
once there he grabbed a rocky handhold and extended himself out at the 1500 foot drop off .
he looked down for a moment then his left to survey the upper face we were about to climb .
he stared at it for what felt like eternity .
i shouted out to the howling winds .
isaac pulled himself back to the land and worked his way back up to me .
no way , man it , aint happening .
that whole face is covered in snow , said isaac .
we got to find another way up .
any suggestions ?
yeah , unk_VB t # my pants , then use my ice axes to climb up the snowy mess in front of us , i suggested .
isaac looked up at the wall of snow , rock and ice , who stood between us and the upper snow was a higher than twenty feet higher .
if we just get out of it , the summit is only more than a few hundred feet , easy snow climbing .
isaac turned to me and said , ok , go to unk_NN # unk_VBG your pants for .
i have done unk_JJ # unk_NN , you got me , i replied dryly .
i took out my ice axes looped unk_NNS into my wrists and approached the mess in front of me .
like those who do n't know what the axe is , it is the miniature , axe axe .
you can swing the pick on the ice and pull on the handle to climb higher .
its that simple .
i brushed the heavy snow off the rocks and searched for a handhold .
as i placed my hand on the nice blocky surface , it quickly slid off .
the ice was a thin layer of ice now glazed the rocks surfaces .
it was no use .
using my hands alone , just was n't going to work .
undaunted , i decided to use the pick of my ice , axes to try a higher climb .
i placed the front point in the tiny crack and pulled hard .
it held .
i pulled on the axe handle and moved higher as isaac paid out the rope .
this is scary climbing , unk_NN ( pucker factor ) at 8 .
the ice axes were used to the thick ice where the front point of the axe sinks beneath the axe , ice , deep ice , was giving you a secure hold .
now , my points , front axes , the only held on the rock without shear gravity .
if i moved the wrong way they would just easily pop off the rock and id fall , not good .
i moved up a few feet from the outer corner where the blocky face above met the face of a diamond .
gingerly i placed my axes on the glazed rocks and pulled hard , trying to get them stick .
i then peered out around the corner .
isaac is right .
that diamond was covered in snow .
i looked up at the corner i was now climbing .
a few feet higher , it appeared the texture became more blocky and easier to climb .
the problem was , id have straddle a corner of one leg on the blocky face , and the other on the face of the diamond .
id literally hanging the 1500 feet of the valley floor , only by tiny points of my axes .
got me .
i yelled isaac on the winds .
isaac has seen the fear in my eyes .
he smiled unk_RB and yelled , ok. my stomach churned , as i looked down into the falling snow .
it was almost dark , and i could barely see large blocks of snow on the valley floor far below .
my hands sweated even while they froze with the axe handles .
i was scared , damned scared .
unk_NN i 10 reached up and scraped off some snow on me , looking at the good placement .
feeling around , i located a tiny crack and slipped the point of the axe into it .
as i weighted it , i moved my right foot out into the diamonds face .
half my body hanging out the 1500 feet over in the air , i was now straddling the hairy edge of my raging fear .
i do n't want to look down i did n't really .
something in my subconscious mind did n't allow me to do it .
suddenly , the wild blast of arctic wind slammed into my body , rocking me in my stance .
my feet skidded momentarily then one popped out of its placement .
quickly i found another foot hold , but then another gust of wind slammed into me , knocking both feet loose .
in an instant i was now dangling from my ice cliff , at 1500 foot cliff , swinging wildly from the wind .
fear roiled behind me .
i lost my breath as i searched frantically for my feat without any type of purchase .
the freaking and unk_VBG fumbling i was running through strength and running for time .
i needed a miracle .
another gust would broadsided me .
my left axe wobbled and popped into its feeble placement .
oh my god !
i remember saying to myself .
this is it .
this is how im going to die .
i felt tug another , then .
isaac anticipated my fall and now doing his best to reel what the little slack of the rope he could find .
i felt my lunge body sideways at him .
he was nearly pulling me out of the cliff .
as i flailed in the air , i made a desperate attempt to hook my axe to hold anything .
isaac tugged again and drew me out of the corner .
i reached for the blocky face and i scrambled my feet to find something to stand on below .
suddenly , my foot found something about the unk_NN of the tiny unk_NN .
i stepped into it and pushed immediately hard , forcing me closing isaac .
for a moment it held then it did n't .
i sprung into the cliff once more , dangling again , thrashing wildly in the wind .
i could feel the veins of my neck pulsating in savage fear .
what felt like mere hours seconds , but it was enough to drain me with all the mental and physical strength .
i could barely hold any longer .
isaac tugged hard .
i made another desperate lung in my free hand .
the axe caught edge and stuck .
my feet found a stance .
for a moment , it was over .
i found the respite .
isaac somehow hauled me to the face of the diamond , pulled me out of the corner , and i was now standing a few feet on him with the blocky face above .
with the breath of strength and my mind , i jump backward and dropped into the snow , next to slope isaac .
i collapsed into my tiny crater and rested .
unk_VB watch out the man , avalanche .
isaac hollered out .
moving out instinct alone , i rolled into my stomach and dug my frozen hands into the deep snow as i planted my boots on me .
i buried my face in the snow and waited .
a thick violent wave rolled on top of me , isaac stood firmly and held me on the rope .
i fought hard into my position but no match for the forces of nature .
very little strength left , i was ripped into my position and dragged unk_NN on the edge of the cliff .
abruptly my slide came to a stop as the snow fought to push me further .
i felt a wave of avalanche dissipate and i looked up to investigate my predicament .
there stood standing with teeth clenched ; isaac .
his arms were outstretched , he hauled back to the rope and prevented my slide above the cliff .
you were just going to lay there unk_VBG all night .
isaac shouted from the wind .
quickly i jumped to my feet and plowed into the deep snow , ascending the short distance between us .
so , what do you think ?
wan na give it another shot ?
isaac asked , grinning ear to ear .
if i was n't so tired , id kill you right now .
so what ?
now youre gon na unk_VB when so close to the summit .
isaac teased .
yes , i replied bluntly .
good call lets get the hell out of here , isaac responded in a grave tone .
at that point i was too tired to do anything but belay him back onto the snow slope .
the darkness finally come , and the snows now raging , reducing visibility to near to conditions .
isaac ascended higher down the slope and waited for the next avalanche to pass through .
even before the rush dissipated , he started off to the other side .
i paid out the rope with a frozen finger as he plowed his way into the deep snow .
forty feet , thirty feet , isaac moved with determination .
he was nearly halfway mark when i heard him scream from the wind .
hold me !
then just caught isaac in an avalanche .
blizzards blizzards heightened , dumping even greater amounts of snow in the upper regions of us .
unk_JJ snow created spindrift unk_VBN by greater quantity and ferocity .
isaac jumped to the ground and burrowed in as quickly as he could , but it was too late .
the wave rolled through the snow behind him , knocking him backward and dragging him across the mountain .
hold me , hold me !
i heard him scream out , now barely audible twenty feet behind him .
i pulled hard and watched in desperation as he continued to slide over the edge of the cliff .
as his slid as isaac rolled into his stomach and pounded his hands and feet through the snow trying to anchor himself on the slope .
downward he slipped twenty feet of fifteen feet to the edge of ten feet below the cliff .
his boots seemed mere feet from going over .
as a wave slowed , so did the isaacs descent .
he jumped up and tried to swim higher up the slope .
seconds later , he jumped back down once more and buried his limbs in the snows of him .
i pulled hard on the rope , holding him to the inevitable .
a malevolent entity , which is again in the snow raged at the top of him , threatening him punishing him in his presence of the mountain .
as isaac fought in his life , he began his downward to slide across the cliff .
fifteen feet about ten feet , five feet .
i watched in horror as his feet broke into the crust of the snow that defined the cliffs edge .
isaacs feet were now dangling from the air .
as the man swimming under the mighty river rapids , flailed isaac arms and nudged his knees higher .
then , as quickly as the avalanche had struck , it was gone .
isaac leapt to his feet and lunged for the snows as he fought his way to the far side of the snow slope .
he was safe .
its a cake walk .
was your turn dude ?
isaac yelled to the other side .
the gods of nature smiled down at me .
i timed avalanches correctly , and sprang to the unk_NN of a gazelle .
i remember the look of relief in isaacs eyes as i stepped behind him , barely making it as an avalanche next to the series .
nice night for a walk , eh ?
he asked , lovely , i replied in a pleasant tone .
for the next five hours , isaac and i worked our way back to the mountain , then down to the long and steep snow slope that lead to the valley floor .
fortunately for us , the blizzard slowed all a bit and spindrift avalanches , but disappeared .
by the time we got back to our camp , it was midnight .
we were climbing for almost 20 hours straight .
ive told this story before and usually receive the same reactions the head shakes and the standard verbal unk_NNS , why do you do that ?
are you freakin crazy ?
well , all i have to say is that crazy man has n't dangled on a solitary man is n't dangled , 1500 feet above the ground , petrified of comprehension .
nope , the crazy man would let go .
im not crazy .
ps : later years my friend isaac tangled in another avalanche while climbing alone .
sadly , he never made it out alive .
thanks , thanks .
if you enjoyed the short story above , please read the following sample chapters of the tear ( a tear as torn ) .
never again the world could see the past as they remembered as one death could change the worlds destiny forever .
the lena williams , an energetic eight-year-old raced back and forth across the worn lawn as she chased by tiny moths hidden themselves behind the blades of grass .
with each swipe of her hand , she expertly snatched the tiny white targets in midair , then released them back to the world safely .
oh , yeah .
unk_NN , can you see that ?
the lena asked proudly .
damn le youre a ninja or something , unk_NN replied .
beaming of pride , lena replied , too bad mom does n't see my skills .
shes working le .
shell be home for a couple hours .
maybe you can show her then , answered .
moms always working , said unk_RB lena , then bad too bad we do n't have dad in the unk_NNS next door .
then mom would stay home too .
le , do you have dad ?
he just does n't come around no more and unk_NNS mom does n't work cause shes lazy , unk_NN replied as delicately as he knew how .
the lena stopped running and sat down next to unk_VB .
did you ever see your dad , unk_NN ?
the lena asked sincerely .
not a long time .
not since before he went to the prison .
that was before you were born , replied .
oh , the lena said simply .
you miss im ?
he was n't much around even before he was sent up , answered .
well , i miss my dad , lena replied .
damn le , you never even seen im before .
how did you even miss im ?
david blurted out for a quick reaction .
i just do , unk_PRP sure he misses me too , replied lena .
unk_NN knew his sister was hurting at her fathers rejection .
hoping to take her mind in her pain , he searched anything to distract her .
hey le , check out those moths over to the street .
bet you do n't catch all em , unk_NN said with a challenging smirk .
bet i can , lena replied , laughing .
immediately lena sprang to her feet and darted to the edge of the road , both hands sweeping through the air as she lunged for more moths .
unk_NN watched her for a moment then became distracted as the older unk_NN of faded paint drifted slowly to a stop sign at the beginning of their street .
unremarkable at first , the long length of time spent in a stop sign made an old sedan conspicuous sight .
more of his attention was focused on the car .
something just was n't right .
he squinted hard as he tried to see through the darkened tinted windows , but it was no use .
the occupants remained mystery .
unk_NN began to feel uneasy .
the old unk_NN was parked literally to a stop to a sign , what was now felt like an eternity .
he glanced over at the lena then back to the suspicious car .
the knot in the pit of his stomach began to grow .
le come here for a minute , unk_NN said in a nervous tone .
just a minute , unk_NN .
i almost caught all em , replied lena , indifferent to her world .
unk_NN saw the brakes would release at old unk_NN , then quickly stop again , almost as if an accident .
he looked up the street to see if the vehicle intended on pulling out but reconsidered due to another passing car .
there were strangely no other vehicles in sight .
come on lena here , unk_NN said .
hearing unk_NNS could use her full name , lena stopped and stared at her brother for a moment .
she could see a peculiar look spread across his face as he turned back to the mysterious unk_NN .
unk_NN , whats the matter ?
the lena asked innocently .
that cars were there a while .
maybe you can go to the house for a minute , unk_NN replied , now feeling the moment 's anxiety .
ahhh , lena sounded out in protest .
i do n't want to go inside .
its just a car , unk_NN .
besides , i take care of myself , the lena stated proudly .
uh , huh sure you just get out of the house , unk_NN responded bluntly .
just one more m. lena began but cut short of the revving of the unk_NNS engine .
get to the lena in the damn house now .
dave shouted loudly .
suddenly aggressively , the old unk_NN released its brakes and stormed out of the corner .
a squealing of tires and smoke billowing out of the car , the old sedan charged up the street behind them .
oh no , unk_VB murmured to himself , almost in sobbing tone .
unk_VB little time to react , sprang to his feet and hurried to his sister .
the lena stood paralyzed by confusion .
she knew something was wrong , but too young and naive to fully understand unk_NNS actions .
watched in horror as the unk_NNS dark tinted windows began lower .
within seconds his worst fears had realized as the occupants extended their guns out through the windows .
with a deafening sound came their automatic weapons to life .
as the bolts of white light streaked to the ends barrels of the unk_NN lunged at the lena , knocking her to the ground .
he instinctively rolled on her top to protect her from the hail of bullets tore into the ground behind them .
the faded unk_NN roared past , unk_NN and lena lay motionless on the front lawn , their minds and bodies unable to react .
in time seemed to slow unk_NN , almost count bullets as they exited the guns .
one of one of each bullet , miraculously missed it , mark .
unk_NN looked into his sisters eyes .
she did not hit .
suddenly , he realized that they were both alive and made it to drive-by shooting .
unk_VB quickly leapt to his feet , pulling lena up behind him .
the sight of spread still two alive , quickly the driver of the car .
in an instant he slammed on his brakes and brought an old unk_NN to a quick halt .
throwing it into reverse , he roared immediately across the backward street from unk_NN and lena .
seconds later , the driver slammed on the brakes once more and brought the heavy vehicle to a quick stop .
the lena was grabbed at the waist and sprang to the edge of the road .
in the stride of a gazelle , he bounded across the front lawn at amazing speed and agility , his adrenaline pumping in full capacity .
the faded unk_NN came to a stop , all its doors flung open and four young men exited the vehicle quickly .
with their guns still drawn , they wasted no time in continuing their task .
unk_VBZ leaped on the top step of his front porch and felt a sharp , razor-like object strike his left side .
before the first bullet could even register the second bullet struck him on the right shoulder , rendering his arm useless .
instantly the lena of the porch dropped the unk_NN collapsing behind her .
an eerie quiet spread across the neighborhood , with four thugs reloaded .
knowing this was their only hope for survival , unk_NN crawled to the front door and tried to wrap his fingers around the lower corner .
with his hand covered in blood , they slipped off the edge of the door .
le get to the house stay low , unk_NN ordered .
scared of the lena and crying lay on her brother , unable to move .
lena , get moving now .
unk_NN shouted .
im scared , the lena whimpered .
ill block you .
go now hurry up .
assured confidently .
nodding reluctantly , lena quickly stood up and pulled the front door open as unk_NNS moved to shield her from the four men nearby .
instantly a roar of bullets unleashed a swath through the destruction in front of the house , breaking the windows and knocking the shingles to the siding .
as the lena began to enter the house , another bullet entered unk_NNS back , knocking him forward at the door , closing it momentarily into the unk_NN body .
rolled by his side and dropped down on the deck of the porch once more .
lena cried out for fear and disbelief .
get to the lena inside .
go now .
unk_NN said , his voice now barely audible .
no , i can help you , lena replied with determination .
before unk_NNS could protest , lena reached down and grabbed him by his shirt .
she pulled on all her unk_NNS pushed to his feet .
suddenly , lena abruptly exhaled and sounded a guttural moan as a bullet struck her in the chest .
immediately she slumped to the ground then rolled on the top of the unk_NN .
both victims down the four thugs ran back to the waiting car and sped off .
once again , an eerie quiet swept through the neighborhood with the neighbors , one of one , ventured out into the unk_NN .
further south , the signal mountain , stood dr. unk_NNS on his wooden deck .
sadly , he checked his watch for unk_NN .
after a moment of solemn respect , he uttered a few simple words , forgive me lena .
your death will save thousands .
turning away , he stared out into the city and spoke .
the dominoes of destiny were tumbling now , unk_JJ , david .
south flowing in the city , the river touched the edge of civilization , then abruptly changed course and north headed the past signal mountain .
patiently sitting under an elevated boulder , the young boy hung his makeshift fishing pole in the water in an attempt to catch his breakfast .
looking around the city , he could see tall smoke stacks that emitted evidence of men toiling around work .
in the light the gentle breeze blew into the valley of high plains grasses , it was carrying the fragrance of the fresh cut hay and wildflowers .
the breeze brushed on his face , filling his tiny nostrils with the scent of nature , and sending warm contentment to his body as the sun shined down behind him .
he reveled in his independence as he envisioned the other boys suffering from school while he enjoyed his day of unk_NN .
outside the city limits , the sharpest bend in the river , the small force of the confederates guarded the main dock and prepared for unload supplies .
in the morning sun in the direction of the captain regimental , the men formed a human chain that led to a boat with horse-drawn wagons .
with a hand hand , they passed goods and ammunition to one soldier , next sequence , until the final soldier arranged and stacked supplies neatly on the back of the wagon .
after this hour of the day , the sun sat , lower than a cloudless sky , warming temperatures than comfortable seventy degrees .
if it was not their unk_JJS duty to the task , the soldiers normally enjoyed balmy climate .
when the wagon was filled completely , the driver snapped the reins of a team of horses and started off toward their encampment , unk_IN the driver next to the line took his place in loading .
at the dock , the local merchant swept across the elevated wooden walkway in front of his general store .
at the rear entrance , the young man helped the heavy load sacks and other supplies to the waiting wagon , delivered to the local resident .
on the further boardwalk , the blacksmith and livery were hard at work attending to needs in the community , as well as those of the confederate officers who had entrusted their belongings with their care .
on the main thoroughfare , secondary and unk_JJ roads , the tiny houses dotted the roads leading to town .
the unsuspecting and mostly indifferent to the violent world of their borders , they went to their lives as a contented with their own daily struggles .
- - lay at - - hidden at opposite by the opposite side of the river by a dense thicket and underbrush , several companies of the union sharpshooters in wait .
quietly and undetected , they moved to the rivers edge , sneaking in under the protection of the darkness .
concealed perfectly , they laid on their stomachs and waited for their signal .
they watched in anxious fascination as the confederates of the opposite side of the river worked to unload their delivered supplies .
with their rifles aimed at their targets , they unk_VBD at the time by calculating unk_NN and elevation .
time seemed to slow as they waited for their signal to death .
away from two hundred yards , they were well aware of their ability to hit their mark .
spread out a shoulder on the shoulder , they presented a menacing sight .
wait seemed to go on forever .
shifting their weight from side to side , they tried to alleviate their discomfort .
their arms and legs fell asleep , they shook them out , unk_VBG the blood through their extremities , gaining feeling in their hands and feet once again .
a few unlucky insects presented more of distraction from the lack of feeling in their limbs .
with regularity , the ants returning to their nest would find their passage blocked by the hulking mass of blue .
in the investigation , ants angrily attacked any bare skin , biting and pinching by the futile attempt to drive to the enemy .
their feeble assault was met with equal aggression as a soldier swatted and crushed his irritating attackers .
their time was an enemy .
waiting quietly through the underbrush each soldier pondered his own fate .
away from the foothills to the edge of the river , the union artillery waited for their orders from unk_NN james was unk_RB .
high on his horse , barrel-chested and confident , he posed an impressive figure .
he sat pensively and observed the scene below .
lifting his unk_NN from his eye , he continued to look at weakness and opportunity .
an authoritative voice he redirected the cannons down a line of specific targets as he developed his impromptu battle plan .
the union soldiers had manned their stations in artillery , they looked out into the valley as the confederate soldiers drilling into formation in the far open field on the opposite side of the river .
several cannons were already directed at them , but with a quick nod of his head , unk_PRP ordered additional cannon support to that location .
feeling somewhat detached from the confederates impending doom , they obeyed their orders and indifferently aimed deadly weapons at the center of the field .
standing on their designated cannon , each soldier mentally prepared himself for battle .
from their elevated position and protected by the river , they all relatively felt safe , that was safer than their comrades below than the river .
they had survived previous years battles and well seasoned with their trade .
they knew the casualties would be , but felt relatively sure the element 's element was fairly one-sided .
they looked down at their comrades that crept up to the edge of the river just before dawn .
the sense of sadness and anxiety had come them over , knowing they were in harms way .
any retaliation from the rebel forces would start with them .
well-hidden through the thickets , the confederate soldiers have a tough time unk_VBG the exact locations of each union soldier .
the confederates could hear the sound of union rifles and fire in that direction .
most of the boys in the blue were lucky and escape wild and harried volleys of lead .
some would not .
the previous day of june 6th , dr. unk_NN , had prepared one of the supply wagons at the operating makeshift table in preparation of the impending battle .
as a commissioned medical officer in the regular union army , he had held the rank of captain .
serving in the military for most of his life , he was no stranger to the horrors that warfare bring .
his battlefield experience was extensive , served as mexican-american war in unk_CD , various indian campaigns and now war in the states .
dr. morgan was short stout , an older man than sixty , a full head of white hair , a long beard , flowing white , and piercing blue eyes .
far from the union front line , the doctor searched for a suitable location to operate .
in a protected grove of birch trees , he found a large flat area of lush green grass .
ordinarily , dr. preferred the protected confines of the houses and the barns , commandeered by private citizens from the onset of battle .
the battle of unk_NN started to location , far removed from civilization in order to preserve the element of surprise , a wooded clearing would suffice to suffice .
the previous day while unk_NNS unk_PRP prepared his battle plan with dr. morgan scoured the foothills of the signal mountain on horseback .
as he rode up to the rolling terrain , the trees and vegetation became less dense allowing him to catch glimpses of the city .
leveling off , he rode into the forest with a white birch weaving a path with denser areas , until he found unk_RB , he recognized the find qualities .
he deduced a small field would allow for a bright light to operate by , and the trees on unk_NNS edge would provide a comfortable shade to the wounded as they recovered .
it was n't perfect , but he felt he worked on worse conditions while fighting for the west .
this was certainly more tolerable as long as the good weather held .
after locating the medical encampment , dr. morgan quickly summoned the wagon to be used to an operating gurney and prepared his instruments .
the canopy removed , he neatly arranged his supplies on the right side , at the length of the wooden unk_NN .
in arms reach he placed his instruments first , a basin and canteen of water to the next , then cotton batting and other last bandages .
in the head of the wagon , he arranged the necessary supplies to the assistant , such as unk_NN , bandages , and morphine , in powder form , as well as opium as a unk_NN .
in preparation of the surgeries on the place , he rejoined the front lines , offering his assistance where he leaving the assistant watch in their makeshift hospital in his absence .
the following day , june a day of battle dr. early woke to sleep in the restful night with one of many cannons aimed at the city .
he was offered a tent to an accommodation , but declined a special privilege , electing to rough it behind the cannon instead of putting the others out .
selfless man , he figured the boys fighting and dying , at least granted a small pleasure of comfort in the tent .
over the years of adapting to the rigors of warfare , he learned sleep , wherever he laid his head .
the dawn of the new morning created a cool dew that soaked in unprotected parts of his body , mainly his legs and boots producing mild discomfort .
unlike the unk_NN , his clothing dried out completely and he focused on his duties throughout the day .
filling up with unk_NN , hard unk_JJ cracker and some water , he administered various unk_NNS to the soldiers who reported at a sick call while he ate .
dr. morgan was a compassionate and sympathetic man older but tough nonetheless .
his private philosophy was , " if you walk you can fight . "
from his duties accomplished for a moment , unk_EX ordered dr. morgan to his station with a reverent nod .
no words were exchanged .
they were both seasoned military men who understood each other implicitly .
in a respectful salute , the doctor turned and walked to the soldiers readying themselves to their own stations .
he could now see the unk_JJ anxiety on their faces as he made his way past , and he flashed them a courteous smile , trying to ease their worry .
- - there - the fire at the fire .
his sword lifted from the exalted position of his head , unk_PRP roared the order to commence firing .
loud and great authority , he repeated his simple command over and over as he rode up the line .
instantly , his men responded , and lit the fuses of their cannons .
in the violent demons , the cannons came to life as they reported with a thunderous roar , shaking the ground behind them .
well-trained soldiers began their work .
in groups of three one loaded powder and unk_NN , one loaded a shell or a heavy ball , and the third lit was in charge .
they were a machine working in perfect sequence and timing to efficiently deliver to the enemy , with their deadly payload .
the valley below became awake .
the loud cannon fire from above signaled the sharpshooters below to unleash their own deadly volley of destruction .
in reflex , they pulled their triggers and sent the tiny yet deadly pieces of lead to their individual paths of doom as they quickly reloaded their weapons with practiced speed .
they had only a second to think .
a startled jolt , town and confederate soldiers both stood in place in their minds quickly process disbelief of their forthcoming death .
unable to move , they heard the whistle of air as projectiles hurled at them .
those on their backs of the volley waited and listened for the whistle , grew louder quickly in a thunderous rush of air .
the fate and the misfortune collided , so did shell and flesh .
in the group of drilling the confederate soldiers , the first volley had hit its mark with deadly accuracy .
one unlucky private watched in horror as a shell found its mark on the chest of the unlucky companion marching in front of him .
shell tore through his uniform , flesh and ribcage instantly sensed him even in the mechanisms of an internal shell sensed pressure on the impact .
in a great explosion the canister was fragmented from thousands of tiny projectiles , completely disintegrating the whole of the soldiers in soldiers .
there would be no burial for him as not the remnant left of his body .
continuing on their way , fragments of now exploded shell be found their next victim as a watching soldier .
with hot pieces of metal tore through his body , it severed his extremities , as well as the buried molten metal of his own chest .
after a lucky few that escaped the initial impact , the concussion from the shockwave of the explosion ruptured their eardrums , disorienting them and rendering them useless .
other shells exploded in and the helpless stunned soldiers , the same gory results affected the devastating loss of the entire company .
theres a waterfront to the confederate soldiers unloading supplies met by the same fate as their drilling comrades .
the shells fell behind them , exploding through thousands of fragments and tearing at their bodies , killing the closest to impact while unk_VBG and unk_VBG the others further away from the epicenter .
cries were heard in agony as they fell .
the union sharpshooters unleashed their hail of shot as the balls of lead sailed through the air as the awful shrill , telegraphing their intentions .
collapsing on the ground as many screamed out in agony , clutching their bleeding wounds in a desperate attempt to relieve the pain of death quickly overcame them .
the others lay with torment in unk_JJ shock , quickly enveloped their bodies at the loss of blood .
all in the city , that first barrage of munitions , the damage to be a devastating inflicted .
not only the encampment targeted offices loading the docks along the river , telegraph offices , livery stables and blacksmith shops were also targeted .
anything used to further the confederates cause had been targeted by the first volley of union fire .
within seconds the first discharge with the union rifles and cannons another quickly round sounded followed by the third and fourth volley .
the next round of the union sharpshooters , the more confederates lay dead and wounded , but this volley came the unk_NN of unions in the exact positions .
with orders to aim low , the confederates returned the fire to the lower banks of the river .
as just defensive as the confederates , the union soldiers now and scrambled for a moment , unk_VBG with a smaller fighting force .
as the union command out city limits , the confederates loaded several cannons .
tucked away in a grove of tall oaks , like the protection of the elements , they were easily missed by their opposing force .
quickly , unk_JJ teams loaded their cannons and took careful aim on the union battery .
in command to fire at the will , the confederates opened up to the union forces staged in the foothills of signal mountain .
visibility drastically reduced to repeated cannon fire , union forces struggled to see the targets .
by the time the artillery artillery brigade saw heavy smoke in the confederate volley it was too late .
instantly , thousands of fragments traveled to the point of impact , and found the first of their victims with the two union soldiers who stood behind two cannons .
in the blink of an eye , their bodies absorbed most of fragments , nearly obliterating any proof of their existence .
the blood and bone splattered two cannons , the characteristically horrific pattern of death and destruction .
a second later , two more canisters roared to the first , split these two , impacting a bluff just below the cannoning of the union .
although the projectiles embedded in the earth and exploded , their destructive intention was not denied .
the crash of the tree as it hit the ground went unnoticed to union forces turned their destructive force , turned their confederate force far out from the unk_NN .
with a wave of his sword , unk_PRP bellowed the order to silence the cannons on the far edge of town .
quickly , the teams of three unk_VBD their cannons of confederate confederate smoke calculated the angle of a trajectory and lit their charges .
the cannons came from repositioned in life , their unk_NNS spewed fire , smoke and metallic death from the recoil sending them backward reeling from their restraints .
jolted violently to his lazy stare up the river , the young boy sitting on the elevated boulder fishing before his breakfast , nearly fell out of the water of reflex into loud explosions .
he quickly gathered his things and jumped onto the rock on the rock , desperately fleeing under cover .
still on the bank of the river , he found two large boulders to hide behind , giving him safe cover in violent exchange .
any attempt to make the land would expose them to the combatants and draw fire on either side .
they grabbed their poles even harder and strained to push the tiny raft faster across the river .
with hand hand , they pushed to flimsy poles , nearly breaking them as they rushed to evade harms way .
the painful blisters formed and broke quickly , leaving fresh blood in length with poles as they continued to push through their lives .
standing on the left side of the raft , a warning , a single stray bullet whistled through the air and impacted the back of the first trappers head .
the lead ball mushroomed and shattered his skull , propelling the bone , brain and blood in front of his tattered clothes and the river .
instantly he fell overboard and floated downstream .
reality snapped him back into focus on another bullet , embedded in one of the logs on the raft , fracturing it and sending tiny splinters into water .
he looked back , pelts of beaver and muskrat , he and his deceased friend had toiled over for the previous two months .
he hesitated for a moment , then grabbed a handful of beaver pelts , his rifle and a tiny unk_NN of money then jumped quickly into the water .
struggling to stay afloat on the weight of the rifle , he kicked his boots wildly into the water .
as his head dipped below the surface , he was about to let go of the rifle when his feet touched bottom .
he pushed off the muddy floor of the river and popped his head into the water , took a gasp of air , and sunk into water again .
finding the bottom of the river once more , he launched his unk_VBD the body into the surface and gasped another breath of air .
as he sank back into the water , his head was now in the water line .
he managed to move enough close to shore now wade into the land of his handful of safe belongings .
spotting a large boulder to the rivers edge , he made his way to it , keeping his head mostly submerged under cover .
as a boulder , he threw his pelts and unk_NN to the higher ground and positioned his rifle in defense .
despite the powder , wet and useless , he still aimed his weapon , hoping he had not been called on by the bluff .
shaking and scared the young boy huddled close to the rock , having just witnessed a drama , trappers further unfold upriver .
at the tender age of seven , he had never seen a man killed before , and the sight of the old trapper violent death shook him to his core .
his world changed in an instant , graphic vision imprinted on his memory forever .
he wept openly as he watched the remains of an old man drift slowly downstream from him .
the union corporal unk_NN fletcher , part of the unk_JJ team assigned to the artillery , was standing by his post when the first of four confederate shells exploded .
instantly he dropped to the ground in agony .
as he cried out in pain , he clutched the dangling flesh , trying irrationally irrationally to reattach it against the bone .
in his delirium , his world seemed slow .
no one noticed him as he sprawled on the ground behind the cannons .
as the bullets passed over his head , he heard their whistle , and a moment forgot about his injury as a sense of self-preservation overtook him .
he rolled onto his belly and began to crawl .
pulling in his arms and pushing through his uninjured leg , he slowly worked his way towards the cannon and a soldier , dragging a trail of blood behind him .
as unk_JJ shock began to develop at the loss of blood , the pain of his gaping wound became less noticeable .
he moved faster and more determination .
suddenly the soldier lay on his path , face down .
instantly the soldiers skull exploded covering the face of corporal fletcher in blood , bits of brain and bone .
he jerked away from reflex and cried out for fear , only to feel mind-numbing pain in his own injury .
as fear enveloped him further , he quickly crawled towards the deceased soldier and continued on his path .
up ahead several yards away , he spotted a boulder for protection .
fear and anxiety coursed through his veins as he struggled to stay alive .
deliberately desperately , he stretched his hands out in front of him , clawing at anything he could use to further his escape .
as he crawled the elevation dropped off slightly allowing him more protection from the bullets passing above .
he heard the sound of bullets , ricocheting off a boulder and deflecting through the trees behind him as he ducked instinctively behind the sound .
with his pumping adrenaline , he reached down to his and dirt-stained shirt and ripped off the strip from its bottom edge .
a short distance away , private pulling a horse-drawn ambulance heard a painful shriek of corporal fletcher in thunder of the war .
this was his first pass through as he searched for casualties .
hearing the horrific screams , he snapped the reins of a team around the horses and quickly located corporal barely conscious but still feeling his agony .
he leaped down at the unk_NN and ran to his side in a canteen of cool water .
kneeling , he placed a canteen on the lips of the corporal and slowly poured a few swallows out of his mouth .
corporal fletcher , his grave state choked and coughed in the water , entered his mouth , causing him to cry out in pain once more .
instinctively he pushed the privates hand away and opened his eyes .
in a weakened voice , he said they killed me .
the rebs killed me .
looking down at the blood of corporal fletcher who pooled on his leg , the private quickly realized the gravity of the situation .
as he reached the lift fading to corporal , he replied nonsense .
the doc would have to leg off no time .
you are good as new as just a few days .
he smiled as he spoke hoping to lift the spirits of the corporal .
even in the corporal 's deteriorated state , he knew the grisly torture that awaited him once back in the makeshift hospital .
he stiffened a moment and looked down at his maimed appendage .
he envisioned the painful procedure , then , the disfigured remnant left by a sad reminder of the reality of the war .
disheartened , he slumped into the arms of private that struggled to lift him in the waiting ambulance .
sorry , private responded sincerely , although there was little he could do to improve the comfort of the wounded .
moments later , his own screams of agony , he heard cries of another wounded soldier being loaded with a wooden ambulance .
he glanced over to see the young boy of sixteen , a thin , wavy yellow hair , hauled roughly to a gurney on the opposite side of the wagon .
with a ghastly wound in his stomach , he did n't have long to live .
lying there in his agony , he cried out of god to end his suffering .
corporal fletcher could almost feel despair like the young boy as he waited irrationally irrationally for higher power to answer his dying prayer .
as the realization he was all alone , he retreated to the far recesses of his mind , his last haven for solace .
rolling his head from side to side , he murmured under his breath , " mama of mama . "
the young privates eyes widened a moment as he quietly spoke in the receiving tone , " mama .
i love you . "
as the corporals world went black , he slipped into unconsciousness , having brought some measure of relief to a poor dying boy behind him .
it was all he could do and it was enough .
shortly after losing consciousness , the young boy quietly died behind him , passing by a horrific end in peace .
at - - - at dr. , dr. unk_NN paced back and forth from the operating wagon , envisioning dead and wounded in each report of the union cannons .
the minutes felt like hours as he reached into his pants pocket and pulled out his unk_NN pocket watch .
he pressed the tiny button of the gold timepiece and popped cover , exposing hands of time .
huh , only 10:30 , he said aloud , frustrated at how slow time felt in moments of anguish .
he snapped the cover closed and shoved the watch back into his pants pocket once more .
returned to his pacing , he gazed at the grove of birch trees , trying to view the battle on his protected location .
barely visible , columns of smoke and seen debris rising off the valley floor .
the sight made him wonder how the confederates was faring , and if their own surgeon was also pacing nervously .
it started with a low clicking sound , barely audible .
dr. first thought it was cannon , reverberating off the mountains but the sound persisted , he recognized the distinctive repetitive sound .
it hooves on the team of horses as they trotted .
he strained his eyes in the direction of the sound , but still saw nothing .
he spun at his heels and ran toward the operating wagon .
ok men on , dr. called out in a deep authoritative voice .
ill fetch my smock , he ordered , private private sitting on the ground sunning himself .
yes , sir , the private responded quickly , hopping on his feet .
he pulled into the clearing and rolled into the waiting operating wagon .
in their clean white unk_NNS stood dr. morgan , standing by assistant surgeon surgeon unk_NN , in unk_NN .
unk_RB resting unk_RB and unk_NN .
the horses came to a halt to the rear of the ambulance , just like an operating wagon .
immediately , dr. ran to the wounded and began his assessment .
there were three soldiers lying on their feet below him .
he quickly saw the fletcher 's corporal leg and the pool of blood being collected in it .
as he climbed up into the ambulance , private driving the wagon met him in the middle .
pointing to the young boy at the sixteen , he shook his head sadly , and moved his gaze on the private laying on the bottom of the wagon between two gurneys .
assessing the situation , dr. situation quickly pronounced the young boy dead and turned his attention to the two men still living .
fletcher , corp. feeling , had a unk_NN injury , he motioned for two privates to carry him to the operating table .
immediately the two lifted the gurney in an ambulance and over on the other wagon .
as dr. cut away a portion of the corporals pant leg , unk_NN .
george george prepared the unk_NN .
looked dr. up while cutting and said abruptly save it .
he was unconscious .
i have his leg off well before he ever wakes up .
unk_NN stowed the unk_NN and replied , do you think he will ever regain consciousness in this ?
i do .
replied dr. simply then added , once i tie off those arteries , i think he is ok , that is , if we can control infection .
unk_NN just nodded as he jumped down off the wagon and came around in the back .
he stood for a moment and awaited further orders .
looking at the gruesome sight of unk_NN .
unk_NN watched as dr. placed mechanical unk_NN just above the knee and the femoral artery .
with a strap wrapping around the leg , he pulled hard to tighten the cloth band against the skin .
he then turned the large lever on the unk_NN to take in excess slack .
moments later , the blood oozed from the wound slowed to a slight trickle .
the hands of dr. morgan were already covered in blood as he reached for his scalpel .
his pant leg was gone , fletcher 's corporal right leg was fully exposed .
starting at the top surface of the leg , dr. began unk_NN as he explained the procedure to unk_VB .
unk_VB while he operated .
right , i know this is your first time so i try to explain as much as practicable .
first , we can determine the point of the incision closest to the wound .
we always try to leave as much as a unk_VBG limb as possible .
i say we can safely amputate by an inch or so , the wound , said dr. as he placed a scalpel on top of the leg .
looking up at his assistant , then up corp. fletcher to ensure he was unconscious , he was ready now .
right then .
start at the top here , he said , pointing to the scalpel .
we pierce the unk_NNS upper skin , that is cutting into unk_NN and just a muscle .
this was really quite simple for him unconscious .
at the bottom , he reached for the leg , coming underneath up on the opposite side and continued to make his incision up to the other side , ending at his first point of incision .
the incisions was so two quick , unk_JJS .
unk_NN barely had time to comprehend .
ok , i need you to pull back the first layer as i cut down to the bone .
just be careful with your fingers though .
i am moving pretty fast here , and we do n't want an accidental unk_NN of any of your digits , ok ?
dr. asked .
unk_NN nervously nodded his head and placed his unk_JJ fingers on the incision and began to pull back into the skin opening it wider than dr. morgan .
as he did this , he asked the question .
sir , why do n't we cut right down to the bone of the first pass ?
was n't it faster ?
looking up at his assistant , dr. morgan replied good question , lad .
we can do this for one pass , but we lose precision as we slice into deep muscle .
the remaining stump usually ends up grossly disfigured , so more than acceptable , frequently leaving the appendage quite painful for use .
the accepted practice was a double incision as we were doing now .
we produce a stump that retain more muscle tissue covering the bone , making it less painful , as well as a more useful appendage .
unk_NN nodded , then turned his attention to his fingers as he pulled the incision open .
dr. reached for the longer bladed scalpel .
the first pass sliced the doctor deeply into the flesh , though , vein , slicing , muscle and tendons , hitting the bone and increasing the blood flow across the table .
as he was instructed , unk_RB .
unk_NN pulled back freshly sliced muscle as the doctor worked quickly .
reaching the leg once more the doctor continued his unk_JJ incision to the bottom and worked his way to the top .
with his hands saturated with blood , he reached for a long strip of cloth few wide inches .
he worked to the bone then pulled up to each end of the strip lightly suspending the leg for a moment .
he then pulled the cloth up leg , which pulled higher muscles up bone .
ok , we pulled the muscles to the higher bone .
i cut into the bone as close to the cloth as i can , without cutting through it the cloth , that is .
when we release the cloth , the muscle spring back to its original position , elaborated a couple of inches allowing of greater cushioning than healing , dr. .
he reached for his saw and placed his thumb on the bone of the guide .
resting the saw of his thumb , he pulled two times to himself , leaving a small pilot slot start to cut .
he then began saw aggressively through the bone .
within seconds he was nearly bone as he began slow .
in the end he only pulled to himself , insuring that the bone was not a splinter .
at the last pull of the saw , the lower leg completely detached from the upper leg .
at the end of the table , the top-heavy foot rolled by one side by its own weight and fell across the table to the grass below .
the blood pooled at the end of the stump as the assistant released the cloth holding a muscle .
quickly reaching for the unk_VBN needle , the doctor began to tie off various blood vessels , starting with the femoral artery .
right then .
see those strands that look like tiny pieces of twine .
they were various blood vessels that supplied the lower leg as blood .
those all need to be tied off or he will bleed to death , the doctor said as he worked .
bleeding stopped completely , he slowly released the unk_NN and watched as the unk_NNS at the end of the stump .
seeing none , he then began to sew up an exposed wound .
he quickly pulled the extra skin over the muscle and began a stitch of them .
when he was done unk_NN , he allowed unk_RB .
unk_VB bandage the end while he rinsed off his tools and threw the bloody foot into the basket carried away later .
turning to his assistance , he said dryly , let 's hope n't too many of these today .
unk_NN just nodded .
the whole bloody experience was almost too graphic on him as he tried to process the procedure in his mind .
right , let 's have a look at the other fellow , shall we ?
the doctor asked rhetorically .
faster than they operate , privates carried the more wounded union soldiers in the operating wagon .
working quickly to overcome the numbers , dr. set up another operating wagon on unk_NN .
working side by side , dr. monitored dr. assistants work .
as two doctors working , a basket used to dispose of the limbs since long disappeared from the carnage .
a stench of iron hung heavy in the air as the blood spewed from the wounded .
with blank and pallor faces , some stared out into nothingness as shock deadened reality .
the others winced and grimaced at each breath they took , and still , the others cried out in agony , each time dying a thousand deaths .
hearing , suffering by their countrymen only served to stiffen both doctors resolve to save more men .
the day and night two surgeons worked frantically to save injured and dying .
their exhaustion set in and hysteria and despair had overwhelmed them ; they searched for themselves for the strength to continue .
eventually , their own bodies and minds began to fail them .
they pushed themselves into the limits of human endurance .
the battle was not yet complete , they both knew tomorrow would bring further death and pain .
if they were going to service to the young men risking their lives in their country , they both need some much deserved rest .
the last flicker of light nearly spent oil lamps , blood soaked surgeons made their way to the other side of the clearing with their two canvas tents .
after a quick change of clothing , they laid down on their cots and quickly fell asleep .
dr. unk_NN david burst into swinging wooden unk_NNS and headed for the scrub station .
" ok , what do we have ? "
he asked as he turned into the water and pulled to the soap dispenser , releasing a large dollop in his hands .
vigorously he scrubbed with his fingertips on his elbows as he listened to his supporting staff with him in an emergency .
" doctor , we have a gunshot victim to entry and the exit wound on the seventh and eighth rib entry into the abdomen .
distended her belly filling up with blood .
her vitals was low at eighty-five at eighty-five .
her output foley are bright , red and shes unk_JJ at blood loss .
triage had unk_VBN her and already infused the 2 unk_NNS of plasma , " replied surgical unk_NN resident unk_NN as he too scrubbed in for emergency surgery .
" so prepped she . "
dr. unk_NN asked .
" yes , doctor .
prepped and ready , " dr replied .
" films ? "
dr. unk_NN asked after abbreviated speech for the function of his occupation .
before he could receive the answer was the surgical nurse unk_NN unk_RB burst through the door .
pulling her mask over her face , she reported anxiously , " doctors hurry , you better hurry .
her vitals is dropping fast .
unk_NN was eighty , fifty-five the pulse ox was eighty-five . "
hesitation , dr. unk_NN , quickly responded , " gloves and gown now .
and set up the unk_NN tray in just case the unk_NN . "
both doctors washed the soap in their hands and arms quickly as the pressure and anxiety of the situation worsened .
we can get ultrasound from here .
dr. unk_NN asked as he started to tie his gown .
yes , unk_NN .
dr. unk_NN replied urgently .
moving through the double doors , dr unk_NN heard the sounds of alarms reported to medical equipment coldly to be patient in the crisis .
he scanned the various devices on patients levels continued to drop out of the danger zone .
as he rushed to the patients side , eyes dr. unk_NN widen in disbelief as he realized the age of a tiny victim .
" my god , shes just a baby .
how old is she ? "
" eight years , " unk_NNS replied , her voice sadly exposing what her mask disguised as her mask .
whats her name ?
dr. unk_NN asked .
the chart says the lena williams , nurse unk_NNS replied .
shaking his head in disgust , he listened to the unk_JJ monitor , sounded slower beats and become erratic .
immediately , he reacted on instinct .
she needs the volume now .
hang another two in rapid unk_NN , he said , his voice showing a strain as the youth of his patient weighed heavy on his mind .
seventy , unk_NN , fifty and dropping , a pulse ox , eighty-two , dr. unk_NN informed his mentor and colleague .
i just lost her pulse nurse unk_NNS cried out to the unk_JJ monitor , sounded the unmistakable tone of flat line .
push the amp , unk_NN !
charge the paddles , fifty dr. unk_NN retorted back .
nurse unk_NNS wheeled quickly into the defibrillator and programmed the setting to unk_VB while charging the external paddles of fifty unk_NNS .
she quickly handed them to dr. unk_NN , then injected amp in unk_CD : patients iv .
dr. unk_NN prepared paddles , dr. unk_NN , the young patients belly scanned to ultrasound .
rotating , small metallic wand , various wand , the images showed on the monitor , confirming their suspicions of hidden trauma .
applied gel with dr. unk_NN had placed one of the paddles on the upper right clavicle , and one right below and the nipple of the left of the young patients to the left .
dr. clear unk_NN called out .
dr. unk_NN broke off his examination just as dr unk_NN depressed the buttons of the paddles , delivering the charge of the heart as well as the other nearby organs .
the patients body convulsed with current coursing through her .
her chest heaved and expanded , then fell and contracted back to the table .
three medical personnel focused on the unk_JJ monitor for signs of activity .
they held their breath in vain , the monitor continued to report a single monotone sound of a flat line .
still , unk_JJ unk_JJ unk_NN cried out .
unk_VBZ heard the desperation as he spoke .
again , dr. unk_NN called out once more .
he had replaced the paddles to previous locations and delivered the second charge .
again the patient 's tiny body convulsed .
sinus unk_NN , dr. unk_NN cried out in relief .
dr. unk_NN had roughly placed the paddles on the tray back .
he asked dr. unk_NN who now resumed his examination , a nervous sweat unk_VBG up on his brow .
belly full of blood .
looks like some hemorrhaging major looks where the bullet hit spleen , pancreas and a kidney .
the eighth rib has been broken too .
replied dr. unk_NN , now regaining his composure .
ok , the blade is dr. unk_NN requested .
even years of experience , the thought of slicing through the poor little girl who lay in front of him felt offensive .
dr. unk_NN strengthened his resolve and made his incision cutting through various layers of tissue in blood flowed freely from the opening .
immediately the unmistakable stench of blood and a fecal matter wafted behind their protective masks .
he finished the incision and called the clamp .
nurse unk_NNS placed the clamp on his hand .
dr unk_NN positioned the clamp holding open an incision as he tried to examine the damage with the blood of the draining .
dr. unk_NN unk_NN called out .
dr. unk_NN inserted a probe out of the incision and began to suck out excess blood .
be careful , watch the trauma .
work for unk_NN colon .
clean out as much of that fecal matter as possible , dr. unk_NN cautioned by dr. unk_NN worked .
got it , dr. unk_NN replied , carefully sucking up the blood and debris in the abdominal cavity .
in better view , dr. unk_NN could now see damaged organs more clearly .
it was apparent to be spleen , pancreas and colon , as well as the left kidney had some form of trauma .
i need unk_CD unk_NN and unk_CD needle now .
does anyone know the caliber of a bullet ?
dr unk_NN asked as nurse unk_NNS handed him a needle and unk_NN .
do n't look small , that 's all i know , replied dr. unk_NN , still unk_VBG colon .
looks like dr. .22 unk_NN informed .
a small entry wound , but the heavy internal trauma of the shockwave as it passed through to high velocity .
asked nurse unk_NNS .
while dr. unk_NN worked to repair the damaged spleen of dr. unk_NN answered the question of nurse edward .
with bullet travels it pushes the air out of the way , creating a field of turbulent air as a bullet .
awful , just awful , nurse unk_NNS replied sadly .
dr. unk_NN called out as he worked quickly .
unk_VB seventy-five from fifty pulse ox eighty , replied nurse unk_NNS she was bleeding everywhere , dr. unk_NN complained .
he turned to dr. unk_NN and instructed him to repair unk_NN colon .
looks like we have a small puncture of unk_NN colon .
can you repair it while i attend to the spleen ?
i am it .
the eight blade of unk_NN and unk_CD and unk_NN were standing by dr. unk_NN rattled off in quick succession to nurse unk_NNS .
gotcha , dr. unk_NN replied , slightly embarrassed by his unk_NN .
as they both worked frantically to repair the damaged organs , the flow of blood went nearly unabated .
nurse unk_NNS kept a careful eye trained on monitors , as well as the doctors , anticipating their needs for their requests .
the doctors of unk_NN were dropping again to be sixty-five for forty-eight .
unk_NNS very pulse low , seventy-seven , nurse unk_NNS announced .
dammit where she was bleeding .
dr. unk_NN asked rhetorically .
we are working areas now , dr. unk_NN dr. unk_NN replied .
no , no , this much blood is loss to has a much larger source of unk_NN unk_NN or aorta , dr. unk_NN speculated .
we are nowhere in those areas .
the bullet exited out her back in the kidneys , dr. unk_NN replied .
i know , but this much blood loss is n't adding up .
the bullet missed unk_JJ and unk_JJ veins and arteries .
this is n't just organs , dr. unk_NN replied .
two doctors worked feverishly to repair the damaged and bleeding organs as the patients vitals continued to fall .
spleen and unk_NN colon were repaired , two moved to the pancreas and left a kidney .
more unk_NN , unk_NN , dr. unk_NN unk_NN dr. instructed .
he then glanced up and asked nurse unk_NNS , how is our supply ?
she is taking blood faster than we give it , she retorted back instantly .
hang another two units unk_NN requested anxiously .
dr. unk_NN , can you see this ?
asked dr. unk_NN .
you agree that the bullet entered the abdomen , broke the rib , and continued with spleen , pancreas , and a kidney .
it appears that way why .
dr. unk_NN asked as he worked in the kidney .
dammit , you know what that is .
that was another wound entry , dr. unk_NN replied .
eight the blade and unk_JJ saw in unk_NN .
he said to nurse unk_NNS .
two bullets .
but the wound of only one entry , dr. unk_NN replied in disbelief .
i know .
two bullets entered in the same location , responded dr. unk_NN as he accepted the scalpel into nurse unk_NNS and began to make a long incision from the patients breastbone .
i knew something was n't right .
a .22 caliber does n't break a rib , then have enough energy remaining a tear of all these organs .
had more than one bullet and i was betting its also the cause of massive blood loss , he explained as he finished his incision .
what the odds of being happening ?
i mean two bullets , the same entry wound .
dr. unk_NN asked rhetorically , shaking his head now with further disbelief .
unk_JJ saw as dr. unk_NN asked next , then added , i never guessed it if i had n't seen it in my own eyes .
quickly , nurse unk_NNS handed dr. to the saw .
placing it on the base of the sternum , he began cut over the breastbone , the smell of bone and blood penetrating behind their masks and their nostrils .
moments later , he was done .
rib unk_NN , dr. unk_NN has requested .
anticipating his request of nurse unk_NNS handed him an instrument immediately .
inserting it directly into the incision he turned the lever and enough separated the ribs to view the upper chest cavity .
probe dr. unk_NN requested by nurse unk_NNS .
he then called to dr. unk_NN to begin unk_VBG open areas .
as he did dr. unk_NN examined the cleaned areas .
more unk_NN .
i need more unk_NN as dr. unk_NN asked in frustration .
oh man , we have the trauma of the inferior unk_NN unk_NN .
i need unk_CD and unk_NN unk_NN .
feverishly working to repair the bleeding profuse , the needle contacted something hard .
at first he thought it would be a rib fragment , but dr. inspection dr. unk_NN realized it was a second bullet .
it was there .
forceps , dr. unk_NN requested in a almost frantic tone .
he inserted forceps into the cavity , pushing gently toward unk_NN unk_NN unk_NN and gently extracted a deformed and mangled bullet .
the tiny edges razor blades .
they sliced through the veins in contact , he announced .
there would be a dozen fissures to repair .
as he unceremoniously tossed the clamped bullet and forceps , a stainless steel container , he continued to unk_VB tears from the damaged vein and surrounding organs .
moments later , dr. unk_NN watched as began began slow .
just then , the unk_JJ monitor sounded .
he quickly placed his gloved fingers around the heart and began to squeeze , attempting manual heart unk_NNS even before unk_NNS unk_NNS speak .
a doctor , she pea , announced nurse unk_NNS .
push another amp , unk_NN and charge internal paddles to fifteen dr. unk_NN demanded .
handing him the paddles , they watch as he inserted them into her chest cavity and placed them in still heart .
there were none to be heard .
in charge of twenty .
another unk_NNS 6 now .
dr. unk_NN frantically called again .
he shocked the heart , sending the current deep within , but no effect .
unk_JJ monitor continued to report its menacing line a flat tone .
unk_JJ god dammit !
dr. unk_NN shouted out loud .
as he continued on the manual unk_NNS , he called out once more charge of thirty .
inserting the internal paddles again , he delivered the massive jolt to the heart of the patient .
in horror and sadness they watched the monitor register no change .
dr. unk_NN frantically searched his mind as a solution as he continued manual unk_NNS .
even after his years of education and training , the damage was too extensive for him to overcome .
he pulled his hands off her chest and stood back .
with his gloved hands dripping fresh blood on the floor , he hung his head low .
call it , he mumbled quietly .
nurse unk_NNS called time to death , he stood motionless as he watched the lifeless body of the young girl .
his mind raced as he stared at the carnage in front of him .
he thought of smiles that she had displayed just a few hours before .
he thought about the hugs her mom had given her that morning , and the pain was feeling parents forever .
he thought about her violent death and injustice of it all .
deeply saddened and sickened by the grievous sight , he stand no more .
he turned and walked out the or doors of all , in a state of shock and disbelief .
with his gown soaked between the blood and his gloves , dripping the red path behind him , he made his way down the corridor to the elevator .
in a blurred and confused state , he was unable to hear his name called as he walked .
standing in front of the elevator , he pushed the button .
instantly the doors sprung open .
he looked back into the hallway to nurse unk_NNS calling his name , but heard nothing .
as if in slow motion , he stepped in and slowly the doors closed behind him .
dr. unk_NN ?
dr. unk_NN , stop !
nurse unk_NNS called as she ran down the corridor towards the elevator .
too late .
she watched as the doors closed behind him .
as she stared at the bloody footprints that seemed to vanish through the elevator doors , she caught a slight movement of her peripheral vision .
looking up , she watched as the sadness in a droplet of blood pooled , then slide down on the elevator button .
reaching into her pocket , she pulled out a tissue and reverently wiped off the sad remains of a young victim , unk_VBG in her memory , forever pain a senseless tragedy .
dr. daze , david unk_NN stood in the middle elevator and stared at the old photo hanging from the back wall .
the metal doors closed behind him , he felt a small shudder , then the slight drop as he momentarily became weightless in the elevator began to descend .
ignoring the fact that he had not pressed the floor to descend to , he felt any place but or a good place .
he just wanted to forget .
the elevator slowly descended .
as struggled to free his mind of tragedy , his eyes began to focus on the picture in front of him .
slowly at first , then more detailed as he descended , the photo came into focus .
he was no longer staring at the photo , but directly at it .
somehow it helped soothe the pain that gnawed away from his soul .
the photo was antique in the reflection of the past , a unique display of history that showed how unk_JJR hospital came to pass .
the photo was a group of civil war doctors standing on a patient in recent unk_NN .
standing on the patient , dressed in uniform with their bloody unk_NNS , still fastened to them , several military doctors stood proudly in the photo .
hardened and determined , their faces were devoid of all expression , one pride .
on the left of the photo sat an old man on a rickety stool .
despite his white flowing beard and hair , he looked much older than his more unk_JJ colleagues .
he too wore a bloody smock , and his face also carried an expression of pride .
yet something else shone in the old mans eyes wisdom .
while the others looked at the camera , he looked at it as if deep in thought and oblivious to its presence .
he appeared somewhat accidental about the photos purpose .
at the bottom of the photo , read an inscription on the original site of unk_NN hospital in unk_CD .
the doctors gazed at the photo .
he looked like a bandage , bulbous and barbaric on the poor soldiers leg .
a feeling of contempt swept across his body .
then , in a fit of rage he punched a picture of the wall , glass shattering and dropping across the floor of the elevator , glass cracking a cheap plastic frame .
the sound of shattering glass and cracking plastic snapped him back into reality .
he bent over and picked up the old photo leaving the broken shards of glass still on the floor of the elevator .
he began to replace the picture with a bent hook when he felt his knees begin to begin slightly , as the elevator began to slow to a stop .
a moment later the sound of the bell was heard from the elevator had settled on its floor .
suddenly , he saw his gloved hands sticky with drying blood , holding the framed picture held out in front of him .
he looked down at his gown and realized he was covered in blood , the fact that had escaped his attention moments before .
the sound of mechanized as the heavy metal doors signaled their opening , he felt the light balmy breeze brush on his neck .
the air suddenly felt dense as if the relative humidity had increased dramatically .
a strange yet familiar odor drifted behind him and penetrated his nostrils .
turning around to investigate , he stiffened and froze in place .
his eyes took out of the sight of him , his mind struggled to make sense to the scene of the elevator behind the elevator .
his heart began to pump wildly and his whole body shook .
he felt he was dreaming but before never had a dream , felt so real .
hey , you !
come here .
i need you to hold his leg , heard just outside the door of the elevator .
squinted at first , then rubbed his eyes and refocused on the vision behind him .
there several yards away , he watched as the man dressed in blue military uniform stood by another man laying on a wooden gurney .
the man standing looked familiar to him and he searched his mind to make the connection .
hey , come here .
i need your help now .
im almost finished , the voice called again to the elevator door .
marshall looked around at the elevator then over at the control panel .
at the bottom of the panel , the circular button labeled the g had highlighted .
he thought it strange , he ended up on the ground floor as he not pushed any of the buttons on the panel .
he turned back to the scene unfolding in front of him .
the light was blowing , balmy breeze still on his face and the strange odor , now foul and offensive still penetrated his nostrils .
suddenly it dawned on him .
a man before him was the same man in the picture .
david looked at the picture in his hands then back to the man in the elevator .
he indeed the doctor , the unk_JJ man with a white flowing beard and hair .
this is one strange dream , said out loud .
he felt confused by the vision .
whoa , im seeing the color of this dream .
how is this possible ?
he asked for no one in particular .
are you just going to stand there or are you going to help me ?
the old doctor called out david in frustration .
thought about answering him , but thought it to be silly .
its just a dream he thought to himself .
then , reconsidering , he rationalized to himself , what is harm ?
called to the old man , what do you want me to do ?
tear that cloth in strips , the old doctor responded immediately , pointing to a mound of cloth on the foot of the wagon .
hesitated at first .
something in his gut was telling him not to go .
he felt paralyzed by indecision , but then , throwing caution to the wind , he stepped forward .
as he passed through the doorway of the elevator and stepped out of the grass , time seemed to slow for a moment .
he heard voices and sounds as if they were played with him at half speed .
david turned and took a step towards the grass .
time seemed to resume its normal speed .
he suddenly heard the deafening sounds of thunder and recognized the foul stench of rotting flesh .
what the hell ?
said out loud , with a wave of fear and confusion spread over his body .
son , i really need your help here as an old voice shouted to him .
rica turned and looked at the old doctor then back to a spot of grass that used the elevator .
suddenly , the loud clap of thunder sounded just like a birch trees , shaking the ground beneath his feet .
he heard the screams of agony and realized sounds hed been hearing , not thunder after all , but fact artillery explosions .
instinctively as the old doctor ran frantically searching for cover as he closed the distance .
the old doctor , seeing the intense fear of davids eyes , quickly recognized the developing problem .
he pulled away from his patient , flight and moved quickly to intercept .
whoa , son .
youre in no danger , an old doctor called david , as he ran past him and grabbed his arms , reassuring him to his safety .
those are bombs !
theyre trying to kill us , replied , almost hysterical .
the doctor looked casually at david at the raging war , then back to his eyes and " well replied , i suppose they are , but we are in range of their artillery . "
a confused expression crossed his face as he spoke .
" that 's quite an unusual uniform you have on .
what outfit are you ? "
" outfit . "
alex replied still in a deep state of shock .
" outfit , lad .
what outfit are you ?
who 's your commanding officer ? "
old doc questioned a bit of suspicion , then added , " do n't tell me you unk_VBP gray . "
about to speak when another shell hit the bank of just birch trees , startling both he and old doctor .
with a quick look on david 's shoulder then patient his back on the wooden wagon , the doctor refocused on his duty .
" this way , lad .
we have to work to do , " the old doctor said as he extended his hand in the patient 's direction as an invitation to david to follow him .
quickly they walked back to the wagon with the doctor leading the way .
lord knows he 's suffering enough when he wakes without us fidgeting with his bandage , so quick as your work . "
unk_VBZ pulled off his rubber gloves and tucked them into his pocket .
as he looked around , he could hear cries of agony , the sounds of war , the smell of death , and suddenly he realized this was no dream .
this is real .
he was now existing in another era at the time the civil unk_NNS war .
as he tore off each strip of cloth , he handed it to an old doctor , who used it to secure the bandages on the unk_NN in place .
as he worked , the old doctor began to interrogate his new assistant .
" i see you surgery already .
i do n't recall another medical unit here .
where did you come from ? "
the old doctor asked casually as he worked .
searched his mind for an answer , suitable for the old man .
he knew he did n't say he was a future .
quickly he devised a cover story until he could make a sense of his dilemma .
" i have medical training and thought i could use , replied hoping his answer would suffice .
uh huh , and where are you come from ?
allow me more direct .
are you gray or blue ?
the old doctor asked without breaking his concentration .
doctor , i neither .
i am just a trained medically individual who wants to lend a hand to these poor boys , replied .
young man , you are a deserter .
the old doctor asked bluntly .
no , sir .
i have not responded david military .
he knew the questions keep coming and he needed to find a better reason for his presence .
he then had an idea .
the doctor of truth , i need a job .
id like to join the military in in order to practice medicine .
i am a very skilled practitioner and feel i can be in real use here , finished , hoping he has n't overplayed his abilities .
hmm , a skilled practitioner , you say .
where are you trained ?
are you a doctor ?
the old doctor said continuing his interrogation .
yes , i am a doctor .
i was trained in new england at harvard university .
have you heard of it ?
asked unsure if his ivy league alma did n't raise even more suspicion .
harvard you say ?
we are unk_VBN here , sure .
my assistants mean well , but bumbling the country boys , if you understand my inference , the old doctor is said as he winked at david .
completely , the doctor replied back with a smile of understanding .
well , doctor , you have a name .
the old doctor asked now warming to david a bit .
yes , sir .
my name is dr. david , unk_NN .
i ask what your name is .
responded unk_IN kind .
my name is unk_RB morgan , dr. replied , his modesty eliminating fancy titles under his name .
he tied the last bandage and lifted his head .
with piercing eyes , he stared directly at davids .
slowly , he extended his hand in greeting .
im pleased to make your acquaintance , david .
now , if you indulge me a while , id like to see your abilities .
i have a young man waiting the unk_NN id like you to attend to .
if you prove your skill , i will consult with the unk_NN unk_NN of employment .
this accord is satisfactory .
dr. asked about a blunt sincerity .
where is the patient ?
alex replied , trying to contain his confidence .
dr. signaled in private to bring up the next patient .
his crude operating environment was viewed as shock .
he had n't thought about it in that moment , but he was trained to operate with a highly technical environment .
this is as primitive as he can imagine .
he was n't sure he could do it .
dr. sensed davids apprehension and said , son of you , are you up to this ?
it is a bit more primitive than i used to , but i can manage , replied .
son , i do n't want you to manage .
i want you to perform an trained operator .
these young men deserve to more butcher or a charlatan .
if you either , please speak the truth , stated dr. boldly and conviction .
like a doctor , i can assure you my skills as a surgeon , more than adequate .
as the assistants laid the next patient on the wooden wagon could see the agony of the young soldier and immediately began his assessment .
with basic equipment to understand the vital patients signs , only make limited observations .
he quickly took the patients pulse and determined it weaker than normal .
next he checked the pupil dilation and reaction to the match .
satisfied , he then examined the mouth of the patient , the tongue and the skin of the dehydration and color .
he observed his skin color was pale and felt clammy .
in addition , the young man seemed to be somewhat withdrawn and lethargic .
trying not to move the traumatized traumatized too much , he moved only slightly it , cutting away a pant leg .
he observed a large caliber bullet indeed passed into the calf , but left the gaping wound upon exiting .
determined to be saved by careful cleaning and repair the leg , although for antibiotics , post treatment were problematic .
immediately bent the young man 's undamaged leg on the knee , leaving a traumatized leg flat laying .
he then moved to the front of the wagon , grabbed a blanket and draped it over the patient .
" dr. unk_NN is what your assessment . "
questioned dr. with concern .
" the patient is suffering from mild unk_JJ shock .
i am making some effort to stabilize him with invasive surgery .
a large bore bullet indeed left a great deal of trauma in the calf , but i believe i can save the leg . "
recalled to his courses at school , the unk_NN of choice for this period was a unk_NN .
he continued , " we have unk_NN ready . "
susan asked .
" doctor , i protest .
his leg was damaged too badly .
we can remove it before unk_PRP develops , " dr. morgan said .
" i examined the wound and feel it 's relatively clean , thanks to his pant leg , protecting the trauma .
proper cleaning i will repair a muscle , veins , and arteries , but need a strong cleansing solution and a freshly boiled water .
i believe he will have some degree of infection but the chance of unk_NN is much lower , replied you think . "
" repair the veins and arteries .
this is possible . "
dr. incredulously asked , then added to the great concern : " and what if the infection spreads and unk_NN develops ? "
" we can amputate , but then he is no worse off than if we amputated now .
at least we can give him a chance to save the leg , reasoned . "
" hmm .
do you really think you can do this ?
save his leg . "
dr. asked now intrigued about the plan , david .
" i 'm only assure you he wo n't die without my care , though saving his leg in these conditions , is n't going to be easy , responded . "
dr. unk_VBN his long white beard as he contemplated the procedure .
he looked over at the patient , back then david , deep in worry , as he struggled to trust this mysterious doctor that had just minutes before .
see the forehead of the old man as he thought .
a moment later david saw the worried expression leave the old man 's face .
he now began to smile a bit as he came to grips with his decision .
" ok son .
tell me exactly what you need , " dr. finally , replied .
" replied two pots of boiling water or grain alcohol , soap , and clean unk_NNS . "
" it 's going to take some time to collect these things .
every operation of this . "
dr. asked .
" keeping the water boiling is the only time consuming consideration , responded consideration "
the fire was already smoldering in the early morning usage so dr. more wood had tossed into the coals .
twenty minutes later , two pots of water boiled wildly as dr. sorted later , instruments required to perform surgery .
resigned from his selection , placed the instruments in the boiling water of unk_NN .
satisfied with his cleansing , he washed slowly on the soap .
dr. unk_VBN looked unk_VBN at the display for this strange doctor .
the man of medicine in thirty-five more years , he regarded prep work as the shenanigans reserved for roadside unk_NNS , the means to disguise their lack of content .
rica looked over and see the contempt in dr. unk_NNS eyes .
he knew the old doctor was losing his patience , and with that lost he had too losing what little credibility he had .
quickly set up on the young soldier .
with the help of the old doctor had unk_VBN a patient in a matter of minutes .
the patient looked out to dr. closely .
put on his unk_JJ gloves and then applied a generous amount of moonshine he had obtained from an old doctor in the area of the wound in an effort to sterilize it .
ok , doctor , as you see , the patients leg torn up pretty badly .
im going to make an incision from the back of the calf to inspect and then repair any damage i can find .
as if on cue , dr. moved closer to the look .
david then brought out a pair of unk_NNS used to hold open an incision .
he delicately placed the instrument of the incision and expanded it , giving him a good view of the wound .
next he rinsed out the incision as a water salted solution he had prepared for surgery .
dabbing excess blood , he was able to see the damaged muscle tissue and the torn vein .
using his scalpel , he cut away the torn and mangled muscle tissue .
again he rinsed out the interior of the wound in the moonshine and his makeshift unk_CD solution .
as the smallest needle , the old needle of instruments , began to sew the muscles on the reconstructed as well , across the arteries , using very few sutures to accomplish his task .
now sutures could remain there forever but the body of them adapt .
i believe this will take care of this side of the wound , replied softly engrossed in his work .
he closed the entry wound and move with extensive more damage to the other side of the calf .
looked at total fascination .
never before had he seen or even heard of surgery so delicate and so complicated performed by such ease and skill .
eagerly , he waited for david to attempt the more difficult area of the operation .
after watching the first phase of the operation , indeed himself was proven to be quite a gifted surgeon .
dr. now was watched as any spectator watch a professional in his element .
he was in awe and excited to observe the even greater feats of medicine .
once again , david did his best to rinse clean and clean the wound in the salted water solution , and then sterilize it to distilled alcohol .
pulling a scalpel through the hot water , he began to work the damaged muscle tissue in the exit wound .
the damage was much more extensive , but manageable .
as he removed the tissue , he was temporarily close the wound to ensure the proper shape of reconstruction .
working quickly , he then began to unk_VB arteries and muscle as he had done on the previous side , using very few stitches to accomplish the task .
he then closed the wound as he done on the other side .
when completed he rinsed again and sterilized the entire area of alcohol .
over in the operation , he began to bandage the wound .
a few minutes later as the patient was gaining consciousness , tied the last bandage .
the operation was over now and felt confident that he had done his best to unk_VB infection .
in the days time , the results of his work was evident .
all he could do was now to wait .
reading continued , please purchase through smashwords.com : http : unk_CD night of assassin russell in smashwords edition .
copyright 2011 , russell blake .
all rights reserved .
information , contact books @ russellblake.com .
how often do you hear the review say that ?
thats what im saying .
other reviews describing it on near perfection and incredibly incredibly written , is n't lying .
russell blake was a par with the biggest names of business .
and i mean unk_UH , unk_UH , brown , brown .
the plot was intricate and completely unexpected in every turn .
the hateful al ross hateful , extremely well-written character , believable complexity and nuance , plunged into global nightmare conspiracy hes ill-equipped to survive .
dont want to spoil the end , but its unk_NN .
overall , the best ever read . "
unk_LS , " artistry of this work is build in brush strokes the layers , brings you to wonder if something is true about this .
thats the work of a true artist .
many works of fiction , have the main character so scrubbed up that he no longer resembles a human male .
no problems , this one .
this is almost how the unk_NN of the budding writers .
how to write on one word or one sentence edited out ?
a tight narrative , great story , a scary scenario .
i can almost never give five stars , but this has earned it . "
in unk_JJ k. 's russell blake is fast " becoming my favorite new author .
i did n't want to spoil the ending but it completely blew me away , and how suspense had been sustained in the last few pages of surprise , great .
the highest recommendation , a highly original and entertaining novel . "
i was pleasantly surprised to find myself going along with easy style and broad strokes of the narrative .
the very plot has been contrived skillfully , but the real art i found is affinity , i found myself unable to resist in unk_NN main character of al .
i also love the burros after following a steady als transition as he encounters the hurdle hurdle .
i laughed aloud at some scenes ( i did n't spoil it ) when al is , lets say compromised .
i loved the ending , but also wished the story had n't ended so with that reason im taking trouble to recommend it . "
write in the print of " zero sum trilogy , " " blakes the latest amazing .
i literally not put down my kindle until i finished all three books in the trilogy .
russell blake has very unique talent at painting a beautiful story of words , and the sum zero trilogy reads practically like poetry .
5 stars are n't enough to rate this wonderful trilogy , the stars are 10 more accurate . "
" amber unk_NN russell is blakes zero sum trilogy , truly amazing .
i initially downloaded the book 1 because it was free , and before i had done i purchased book 2 & 3 , the bundle .
unk_NNS unk_NN is out of character you grow in despise .
the wall street unk_NN associated with organized crime and government agencies using the stock market to make huge amounts of money to the detriment of others .
when he was discovered , changed to be owner of the website life forever as he was now on target to be destroyed .
this trilogy will take you on an extremely fast ride paced and unexpected coaster coaster in the fight between good and evil .
zero sum was a unk_JJ complex thriller you were not able to put down .
i highly recommend this book it is writing on its best .
i look forward to reading with more russell blake . "
i have been recuperating for the medical procedure , so i read all three books on the weekend .
i even kept a map of one of the locations open to the computer , and that made all story more vivid .
the hero was smart , made good use of his resources , yet still kept a bit of unk_NN , which had some almost disastrous results .
there was a bit of irony to the end , but it worked .
i ca n't tell you how much i enjoyed this presumably debut offering in russell blake .
its awesome to read .
i did n't put it down and stayed all the night to finish it , no exaggeration .
six stars if they had a high review . "
j katherina .
" this is the book that took me to completely surprise .
i thought id give it description shot and amazon 5 star reviews and it quickly became page turner i had n't put down .
the plot is complex , sort unk_NN or unk_NN and the characters are gripping .
its a real novel .
cant wait to see what blake is next . "
anthony m. " fatal exchange is gritty from " edge to your seat , " a thriller by the first time russell blake .
the author cleverly combines paced well paced csi crime thriller , " no holds barred , " a plausible international conspiracy .
" k. class this book is steven itself .
the main plot of the book was exciting and scary ( and maybe a little graphic ) .
pacing was fast , the descriptions were visceral , and the twists were unexpected . "
" stacy k. , " king , " " blake , russell 's swords , no stranger in the thriller genre .
his previous thrillers turned inside-out headlines , gritty , unk_JJ , unk_JJ plots .
i know this sounds overly dramatic , but unk_JJ , this book kept me glued to the kindle screen .
as the king 's king , the reader had been taken to the journey to the drug unk_VBN mexico , where violence often trumps hard cash through the dominant cultural currency .
unk_RB steven author bestselling in jakarta , a pandemic and black king of flagged , " read the great king of swords , who enjoys thrillers with those on unk_NN and unk_NN .
the first unk_NNS and best , the book , the day , the jackal , is one of my favorites .
ive read it at least five times for the last thirty years and it always gets my pulse quickening .
the king is in effect on the same swords and reads much faster than surprises that will keep you guessing about the right end .
you want to just turn the pages as fast as you push your kindle a forward button .
i have a feeling king of swords , one of the books i have come back to again and again .
its that good .
i like books other authors , read most read , or all of them , and their is all good , but this one is in a different league .
this is no excuses heavyweight you put up on any of big names , and theyd trouble .
russell blake is an example of indie author surpassing many of the best of name writers and unk_NNS put him right in the same ranks for them . "
" ive read a few of blakes novels and found them diverse in the voice and unk_WRB a message .
my favorite is a geronimo breach , but this latest has a kind of will of its own .
the reader could n't help but respect a bad guy like mc .
if i read the unk_JJ right , then i realized who the real bad guys , im not spoiling the plot , so youll have to decide on yourself that score .
visit the russells website with more details of the author russell blake lives a full time on the pacific coast of mexico .
russell enjoys , fishing writing , playing with his dogs , collecting and sampling the tequila , and waging an ongoing battle into world domination by the clowns .
but even as i put the king of swords in the bed , i could n't shake a sense of unfinished business .
id go to sleep and have vivid dreams , and they have always been the same with the characters in my book .
specifically they were for past assassins .
it was disease .
i did n't stop thinking about him .
thats unfamiliar to me for the most part .
i felt closure at the end of that work .
id told the als story as well as i could , and there was n't more i felt i would add .
there were no more words that needed writing .
but i no finished king of swords than i started making notes like a prequel .
which was really the wrong way to go to it .
im a simple man .
when starting the story , i can always once be once in the time part in the beginning and the end of the end well .
but thats not how it panned out on me this time .
i felt the driven write of the assassin some more and to delve into his background .
what created a man who dispassionately terminate the peoples living lives ?
what drove him to do the unthinkable .
he was a monster of traditional sense .
he could kick the dogs or swerve to hit them on the road .
he put his socks into before or his underwear .
it was fascinating to me because el rey was alive in my head .
you see , i knew answers to the questions i was asking , for once in my life .
and so came to pass that i have the opportunity to share with you what i have gleaned from him .
the night of the assassin was a somewhat shorter work written to flesh out making a beast and the best read on the companion piece of king 's king .
it would certainly be read first , but i suspect it is more satisfying , and resonate more if the reader unk_VBZ the first king the second night , then the unk_NNS .
thats how i envisioned it but youre free to do as you like .
even if read to the stand-alone or the first , the night would entertain and satisfy .
id just recommend it as a king .
the other nights purpose for the thrill is to explain the illumination from one of my most fascinating characters yet .
el reys is past or at least it is alive to the page .
enjoy this humble offering for my compliments .
the battle-hardened men chartered in the safety of those on the yacht were dead serious , unk_VBG the constant state of readiness for threats on any approach .
the drug cartel skirmishes had escalated over the past two years , some guards firefights with rival groups and seen more than their share of blood .
these were men , at whom the killing was routine , and they drew their pay of understanding that any day was their last .
the radio crackled by the group members checked in by one another , confirming all was calm .
the routine was to monitor everyones status at fifteen minute intervals throughout the night .
the girls are regular company , the owner of the boat , unk_NN unk_NNS , the number one warlord in unk_NN and head to the unk_NN cartel .
the contessa were more than a weekend getaway destination , quick hop to home , whereas others were good for several weeks aboard .
unk_NN burned roughly twelve million dollars a year keeping his boats into the water before even starting the engines .
they were ready for him for any hour to be staffed by full-time crews consisting of captains , chefs , deckhands , maids , maids and unk_NNS .
security travelled to him at the extra cost .
then again , unk_NN was n't unk_JJ and had n't told anyone precisely what he had spent in his lifestyle .
they blew the smoke and chatted about the clothes and their favorite television programs , taking a break in the fiesta winding down inside .
unk_NNS was high above the unk_NNS and the gulf cartel , as well as the sinaloa cartel , and outbreaks escalated to violence on the death toll , reached for hundreds after each month .
most of the disagreements resolved in bloody skirmishes , this one had to do with power and money .
the sinaloa cartel felt unk_NNP was making too much for its relatively insignificant place on the food chain and trying to unk_VB unk_NNS in order to increase its net .
all of which is just unk_JJ business in unk_NNS is one of the oldest of the living cartel bosses .
he enjoyed his privacy immensely , even though in his line of work , it was a commodity rarer of gold .
in the cartel head , he was constantly surrounded by security personnel , so ability the part of the appeal of his boats to enjoy at least an illusion in seclusion .
the youngest of veronica , leapt to her feet as the lighter and rushed , to attend to their host .
oh , unk_UH .
she exclaimed with a giggle , faux indignation and unk_NN dripping on every syllable .
eh , so how are you doing the girls ?
are you ready to make a party to your unk_NN ?
come on .
you know how i like it rasped with his distinctive unk_NN accent .
the girls extinguished their cigarettes and exchanged glances .
it would show time .
the veronica moved to her two new friends and they began kissing , then caressing each other .
alex stood by watching impassively as the action moved to the tepid hot , and clothes stood shedding along with any remaining inhibitions .
unk_NN opened the small unk_JJ gold box and quickly tapped out two small piles of white powder in the exterior exterior bar behind him .
he snorted the heaping lines of cocaine laced with unk_NN with gusto , as he leered at the mnage unk_NN .
it was a good life , he was a lucky man .
this was a fantastic birthday so far , and whoever said , life in fifty began , is n't lying .
yes , indeed , great birthday .
he studied the face of his platinum rolex masterpiece and noted a little time at midnight .
another day older and closer to death .
ah , well .
what was one to do ?
hed try to enjoy himself nonetheless .
youre shameless !
move inside and let games begin .
and save some love for unk_NN .
the security team studiously avoided looking up at the transom of the huge ship , preferring to scan the periphery of signs of the intruders .
unk_NNS would love in high life , well known and by now the men had seen everything .
it was all fun until he did n't perform or things turned nasty on too many drugs , and the girls ended up , begging for forgiveness .
theyd had to bury their fair share of young strippers that failed to judge his moods correctly .
he was infamous for being mercurial .
like a pelican rustled its feathers on the waters edge before taking a flight , swooping into low water as it searched out more tranquil surroundings .
the two of the sentries swung around at the sound , ready to engage whatever enemy presented itself .
they exhaled in relief when they saw the huge bird lumber in the night air .
everyones nerves were raw , prior to weeks duty , moving out of danger zone in the danger zone while unk_NNS partied for care .
they were in friendly territory but that had counted a little when he was exposed to this .
the men ' men were working on shifts by eight guards each shift on , four hours on , eight eight off and stay alert .
after four hours of unk_NN patrolling , unk_NN fell off markedly , and the human error became more likely .
the cartel game is one where you only got to make one mistake last your .
that was the gig .
the sound of a party of boat was a headache behind them , although no one dare mention it in unk_NN .
but he was painted as well , big unk_NN 's super yachts bow to any hostiles of the area .
the head of security alberto clenched his jaw as the women laughed each squeal of ecstasy an invitation to unk_VB his mind .
the pervert was old to restrict , banging around with his unk_NN teenagers like a goddamned boat , not out in the open .
why would he need to make such a public display of it ?
it was recklessly endangering them all .
cat scurried like a large rat , a unk_JJ concrete path to the shops at the far end of the marina , setting unk_NNS nerves further on the edge .
he did n't want to think how to unk_VB his men in almost ten days of constant vigilance .
the money obviously bought selective vision where he was concerned , but it would only go so far .
the gunfire of six star hotels exclusive marina raise wrong eyebrows and the last thing alberto needed an all-out gun battle with the military in the dead of night .
it was impossible to sneak up on the yacht of water , still at the night that detected the boat immediately , even if it was rowed .
but he wanted to ensure all the avenues of the attack was covered , so even watched the waterside .
theyd covered all possible approaches , yet he was still worried .
maybe it was a place or maybe because it was the last night on unk_NNS latest binge .
but alberto had an ugly feeling of his guts , and it was n't something hed eaten .
his primeval senses tingled as if something out there coming through them was .
and whatever it was , it meant them harm .
he called to his men at their radio check-in , everyone immediately responded , sounding alert and precise .
they were best .
the seasoned professional killers of a dozen half countries were making thirty-five grand a month each to lay their lives in the line .
he does n't like the odds of anyone enough to take them on , dead in the night .
but his gut still told him they had a problem .
the assassin checked the luminescent face of his stopwatch , noting with satisfaction that he was on schedule .
he listened to the sound of a party at a marina still some distance away .
the faint gusts of music muttered a vague cadence to the water .
the target was making it almost too easy for him .
perhaps it was just providence calling time for unk_NN .
this was his specialty impossible to unk_VB the execution of the unk_NNS , his unk_NN .
it made him infamous for a relatively short time .
but this was the most difficult unk_NN yet due to the heightened vigilance of the security team he knew was unk_VBN , the final night of their rough duty , who concluded to a vulnerable location .
hed thought in all possible ways of unk_VBG unk_NNS , and when hed decided on his final plan , even he impressed with the ingenuity of it .
now he just needed his contractors time and to do their job , and unk_NN was better than dead .
he slipped to the surface of the water and submerged in the depth of fifteen feet .
that was sufficient for his purposes .
a small , waterproof gps unit hed programmed to the coordinates of the dock radiated the orange glow readable at three feet away .
in his calculations he need ten minutes to swim to his starting position on the plan , though hed allowed himself fifteen , just in case .
better be safe sorry for the night than this .
his tank held sufficient air to breathe in an hour he hoped was far more than necessary .
it was difficult to be arranging for all the pieces hed need to end the life of a brutal cartel boss too expensive but the cost sometimes key .
hed learned from experience harsh not to pinch pennies or cheap out .
hed been at the end of the night , far richer , so in the end , whatever his sunk costs had paid for themselves .
he is nothing if not pragmatic about the job .
his easy practiced stroke propelled him smoothly into the warm water as he neared the private marina .
he sensed he was close when he felt the current heralding mouth of the harbor , as the surging tide pulled him through a broad opening .
visibility was zero in the inky darkness so he was entirely flying at his instruments , who told him he had another hundred and fifty yards to go .
berthed the contessa on the dock , closest to the harbors entrance , commanding the entire length , so there was no cover or alternative to doing a dive .
this is the only way to get close .
the commotion on the sea bed startled him through a cloud of muddy sediment .
large unk_NN rose out of the muck and glided toward him , nudging his unk_JJ legs with one of its wings .
more sensing the creature than seeing it , he momentarily caught on guard .
his respiration increased as he flailed in alarm , causing a rush of bubbles , hurtle under the surface .
another glance at his watch confirmed he still had five minutes to go .
by his reckoning he was sixty or so yards in front of the boat and ninety to his targeted position .
carefully calculating the distance , he moved to the spot his unk_NNS told him , correct one for his purposes .
with the mesh sack attached to his dive belt , he had fished out the unk_NN cup on the handle of one end he affixed to the hull .
the assassin could feel the vibration of the big generators that provided all power when the massive unk_NN twin unk_NNS rest .
as expected , all systems were operating in full bore on a luxurious yacht .
unk_JJ steel shredded its way into the hard fibrous material , almost five thick inches .
the six is a bit .
two minutes later he was through .
he jammed it up to the new opening and twisted the valve , wishing he could hear the satisfying hiss terminate the target .
that was where the part the two of the plan came in .
the assassin depressed the button on the unk_NN cup and it dropped away from the hull .
he swam to the far side of the ship facing the bay and cautiously poked his head through the water right next to the section where the engine vents drew in the air .
another glance at his watch confirmed he had a hundred and forty more seconds before it was a show time .
he groped for the sack and after unk_VBG drilled another hole , this time where the central air conditioning units was drilled .
he repeated the procedure in the second gas canister and returned to the surface again , hurriedly extending the telescopic tube akin to a car radio antenna .
the assassin fitted the third larger canister at the end of the extension , and now in position and prepared , waited for the fireworks to begin .
the alberto was the first to hear the big choppers rotors .
by the time he radioed from his men , the sound of aircraft had increased with a chattering roar .
shooting alberto screamed from the radio to his men to hold their fire nobody in the helicopter .
the piercing light moved slowly along the concrete path , locking over armed men and freezing each of the place before it moved to the next .
alberto swore to himself .
that was way too close .
it was one of the navy unk_NNS , no doubt sent over to check on the reports of armed men on the waterfront .
the army and navy chiefs in the area were paid off , so there was n't any problem .
it likely took a couple of radio exchanges before they called off the dogs .
they were equivalent to american green berets the toughest in tough , and they generally meant business .
alberto know , he employed the three ex-marines , which was genuine in hard cases even to the world where blood was spilled casually on a daily basis .
over the unexpected unk_NN of the patrols commenced again .
everything returned to a fragile calm .
the night still and contessa rocked gently in the swell of an incoming tide the music within , still booming its siren song in the deep .
the assassin made his way to the cabin to the main stateroom , his silenced the pistol at the ready .
hed brought it into the waterproof bag in he kept anything that did n't get immersed in the dive .
he did n't think hed need to use it , but better prepared .
hed pulled his flippers off and set them on the rear deck , where he could grab them in a hurry .
the worst case could he always swim to them , although it was much that was rougher .
that was n't his problem , most pressing now , though .
he needed to unk_VB his success and get proof back to his clients so he could collect the second half on his fee and build his reputation in the process .
he pushed the door into the master stateroom open and encountered unk_NN in hell straight .
unk_UH lay naked in the center of the bed , surrounded by his three young unk_NNS , also naked .
all is dead .
the nerve gas hed bought in the russians had done its work , circulating about three zoned air conditioners .
hed been guaranteed the gas would kill for ten seconds in inhalation , but he needed sure .
thats what made him who he was .
he was the man who made sure .
the sight of female corpses , the bloody foam caked between their mouths and noses , had already unk_JJ , no effect on him .
this is his job in his chosen profession .
unk_NN damage was unk_JJ , but a part of the deal .
the girls were likely dead for a few years anyway , either by these unk_NN 's hands were rivals their .
it was a fast money life that did n't come from a retirement plan .
breathing in his unk_NN , the assassin studied the dead cartel boss then fired a single shot over his forehead to more effect than anything .
he inspected his handiwork dispassionately before reaching for a watertight gun bag on the cell phone and the laminated rectangle .
approaching the man , he positioned the card almost tenderly at his exposed throat before snapping the photo out of the phone .
the figure of card seemed to watch the proceedings of interest , his medieval medieval unblinking gaze on the unk_NN , the double-edged blade of his clutched sword pointing forever to the heavens .
satisfied with his handiwork , the assassin dropped the phone back into the sack and sealed it before placing it in a web bag hanging on his dive belt .
the noise from above jolted him .
he heard movement up from the heavy bridge footsteps carried down into the unk_NN stateroom , which would signal either problem or shift change .
one part of the plan he was n't able to nail was a detailed agenda for the security team .
there was just nobody he could find paid that off , so hed had to wing it .
he hoped that was n't a fatal flaw tonight .
alberto called his men in the area at the dock and briefed the new arrivals .
they were shift in unk_CD , which point theyd been relieved by the new fresh set of eight .
a cry of the bridge interrupted his reconnaissance , and he looked up at where one of the new arrivals was waving .
what an idiot !
why did n't he use the radio ?
thats what they were for .
alberto turned the volume up to his unk_NN and called for the man .
what is it ?
unk_JJ or any of the girls swimming earlier today or this evening .
ive been gone for eight hours .
i do n't think so .
asked alberto , honestly puzzled by the question .
a pair of warning the radio went dead .
the hair in unk_NNS arms stood up as he peered through the goggles up on the bridge .
he did n't see either of the men stationed in there for the sentries .
come in .
come in .
can you read me ?
the alberto hissed over the radio , his hopes sinking even as he called .
the body of one of the two guards sailed along the side of the bridge , landing on the formless formless four stories below , the concrete surface of the dock at unk_NNS feet .
alberto stared at the body of disbelief the stain of thick dark blood , quickly pooling around the corpse .
moments later a second corpse hurtled through the security men all rushed into the yacht , now in full-scale attack mode .
night exploded abruptly into an inferno , temporarily alberto blinding .
inside the boat , the whump of incendiary grenade illuminated the interior in a white-hot flash as a ensuing blaze erupted in the side windows shattered by the scorching blast .
the assassin allowed himself to sink into the bottom at twenty-five feet below the surface .
hed give it a few minutes and let the gunmen exhaust their wrath before doing , so he still had sufficient air .
it was long slog across bay to the swim fins hed forced to leave on the aft deck .
that was unk_JJ .
he checked his watch and peered into the gloom at his unk_NN gauge he illuminated using the dim glow as the gps .
it was a unk_JJ escape route given it was the farthest point of the ship .
the odds in there were any serious hunt for him , he knew .
theyd far more interested in clearing out before they had to explain their heavily armed presence in the military .
in unk_NNP 's town he was the unk_NN of forty minutes , or yet better than one of the big hotels in just north town .
when he got the shore he would e-mail the photo of unk_NN on his distinctive calling card in a glorious display , using his phones cell internet capability .
the client was suitably impressed , given yet another impossible execution of his notorious string of accomplishments had gone off without a hitch .
novel gas was in touch and hed delighted with results .
at that stage it was pretty obvious something in the atmosphere had killed passengers so the discovery would have zero effect on anything .
the vendor had done well by the choice , the assassin grinned at the heavy glass mask hed use him again .
reliability of the assassins game is the key to sustaining rewarding relationships .
rousing himself out of his reverie , he began swimming away slowly , the boat hugging the bottom so to avoid any unk_NNS with flashlight beams playing on the surface .
they were wasting their time but he wanted to take no further chances .
by the time the flames were extinguished there was little left to the ships upper salon or unk_NNS , other than the main bedroom used to the owner .
his boss , his sacred charge is dead .
his blood ran cold when he saw an image of the seated regent protruding from unk_DT face .
hed heard stories that the rumors of the ghost who came to kill , but never believed they were true .
for now .
hed witnessed the handiwork in his own eyes , the handiwork of the swords with swords or el rey as he was known in mexico .
he was every heavily protected worst targets nightmare from the man who could walk between the walls or sides of the buildings , and to whom no one was safe .
seeing the assassins calling the card was at the loss of any innocence , or the hope hed ever had .
because now alberto knew that indeed , there was unk_NN , the devil who danced in the darkness , at the unk_NN of things precious to the delivery of hell .
alberto say , assurance that there was something that scared him more than mexican marines was , more than torture , the prospect of death itself .
he was a man with slaughter on whom and killing was mundane , seen the face of the true evil , and it stared back at him , unflinching .
el rey had come into night , stolen and unk_NNS soul .
the shacks were ablaze , sending embers shooting into the air as they carried the captives hopes of survival in heaven for them .
the little girl sobbed terrified of what was to come .
this was the worst night of toddlers , a short harsh life , and it seemed surreal to her .
she hoped it was a nightmare .
the dead form of her father lay sprawled next to her mother , his life extinguished in unspeakable manner .
she did n't understand any of it .
she wanted to live .
she had so much to do her life just starting .
as the seasons came and went spent the familys time working their meager patch of land a plot of several acres that had been in the family of the century .
no plumbing was , their water came to unk_JJ well .
the unthinkable then happened .
and now she kneeled crying while she murmured the only prayer she knew , hoping it would work on the talisman to keep bad men at bay .
our unk_NN father in heaven , she unk_VBD in a soft , tremulous tone .
the little girl cried to the silent god who abandoned her , innocent even as she continued to recite the words assured her of anything .
thy the lead ripped into her cerebrum abruptly unk_VBG her brief sojourn on earth .
her frail body tumbled lifelessly to the ground .
her ordeal was over .
the nights drama was another , a long line of horrors that theyd inflicted on their fellow men in order to solidify their unk_NNS control over the region .
the citizenry only understood and respected one thing and that was brute force .
they were in delivery system for that primal justice , and they knew nobody would ever miss a peasant family or question the events of that night .
events remain just another footnote with slaughter part of the ongoing part of drug traffic in mexico .
nobody was to defend innocents , and so they perished as countless others had in them in a brutal episodes that had determined nothing .
mexicos soil was steeped in the blood of the helpless men knew nobody would mourn them .
they had no power , no clout , and so disposable .
the enforcers returned to their truck that started with a roar , and they tore off into the night on a dirt track that led to civilization , such as it was .
~ ~ twenty years ago in sinaloa , mexico whinnied as they galloped on the periphery of the open field .
the men gathered in the center , whistling on ponies , as they celebrated their temporary equestrian freedom .
the majority of unk_NNS grown in mexico came in sinaloa , and it was this harvest instrumental by the creation of the modern cartel system .
originally the only few families engaged in trafficking marijuana of the u.s. , heroin of moderate quality and purity produced in modest local fields .
it was small business , operated in the cottage industry , held tightly to a minimum of violence other than the turf wars of growing and distribution rights .
early in the 1990s , the mexican cartels was handling much trafficking through the unk_NNS , whose cartels disintegrated in late 1980s , their survivors now focused mainly in manufacturing .
a little over the decade the small business had become the unk_JJ industry and the various factions fought it out to the rights of their geographical areas .
by 1990 , the sinaloa cartel was the most powerful , all mexico in all the world , primarily in fact , because the unk_NN of the mexican drug trade , the angel miguel trade unk_NN , culiacan in the capital of sinaloa .
it was he who ran a hundred percent of mexico 's trade between the seventies and eighties and he had relationships with unk_NNS .
in particular the tijuana cartel and the unk_JJ cartel has unk_VBN , with a greater sway , and a larger chunk of profits leading often the bloody wars of their sinaloa brethren .
a group of men watching the horses laughed together , easily , the cans of unk_NN that tempering the worst of mid-day heat .
it would fall the storm season was largely over , but the temperatures could still reach the high nineties in the day , bringing in it substantial humidity .
it was his birthday and in ten it was time for him to begin learning that hed skills require to survive in the unk_JJ world .
from mexico to the head of the household one of the original ranking members of the sinaloa cartel had translated for more than reading , writing and arithmetic .
its time for you to learn from the way of the world .
and who knows , maybe when youre older , he can even teach you a thing or two of women for don miguel .
the surrounding men laughed obligingly in his playful sense of fun .
my business is demanding the increasing amount of my time , and ill be traveling much year so im entrusting you to unk_VB capable hands .
youre to treat him with the same respect , you can afford me .
we are clear of that .
hes your mentor position in honor , but its also one of the responsibility , and if you fail to apply yourself , it will poorly reflect on him .
the boy nodded his understanding .
he did n't much talk never seen much point at it .
emilio regarded him and then grunted , gesturing at his head with the boy to follow him .
the pair walked to the stables and , once in view of the men , got down to men , one knee so better better to get his point across .
my job is to make you a man .
i know your history and im here to tell you nothing matters , but present and future .
where is ?
thats meaningless .
nobody cares .
the only reason that matters past is so learn you about it .
thats the whole reason making mistakes and surviving them matters .
experience is what we call mistakes we can survive .
the emilio grinned and tussled the boys hair .
and ive got a lot of experience .
so youre going to stick to me , eh ?
every day before you go to school we will spend an hour together learning how to discipline your body .
every afternoon of school spend three hours with me , learning how to discipline your mind .
once you have in both total control , well proceed to the fun stuff learning how to shoot ride , swim , hunt , and how to stay hidden .
but i ca n't teach you anything until you have control of yourself .
the boy glared at him dubiously , his dislike and his new mentor was obvious dislike .
marshall emilio swatted him from the side of the head , just enough to get his attention .
you see ?
you do n't have control .
you ca n't hide your emotions , so youre an open book to anyone who wants to read you .
you do n't like me and its obvious so i now have the power of you .
given me that power by failing to contain your feelings , and i use it to hurt you .
so your first lesson is to control your emotions .
if not you can control and blown around like a leaf , always reacting in whatever storm is taking place in your brain .
even ten years old , the boy learned to listen .
the emilio could see the wheels turning on his small head as he absorbed what an older man said .
it does n't matter to me we can do this an easy way or a hard way .
either work .
if youre interested in proving youre stubborn , save your energy for something matters .
you want to prove something show me youre determined , have plenty of chances .
my job is to build you as a leader , the man others look up to ... who makes the smart decisions in the level head , and who never ever loses his cool .
soon youll figure out its better to put some effort into learning what im rather teaching than fighting it .
at the end resisting lessons , lessons were just delaying the inevitable that were getting in fun parts .
so decide .
make a choice , then eliminate all the other possible outcomes .
that 's your road .
i hope you can select a good one , emilio concluded , and then opened the barn door and moved inside behind bales of hay .
he studied the pile and motioned to his hand with an old pitchfork leaning against the far wall .
happy birthday .
starting today , and every day until i tell you you can stop , i want you to move the hay to these bales , this pile at the feeding trough .
spend one hour the day doing it every morning of school .
the emilio glanced at the boy now regarded him impassively .
the old man reached into his pocket and produced a new stainless steel watch , tearing off the tags as he examined the clasp .
he looked at the time and then tossed it to the boy , who snatched it through the air at ease .
thats my birthday gift for you .
its always important to give in order to get .
i see youre unk_VBN for your catch .
that is a liability in time .
well work together so you can do any task with either hand equally comfortably .
if youre ever wounded on one arm , you can use the other , and the edge of you living or dying on the floor .
everything i has a reason .
but start for now for the hay .
do you know how to read the clock ?
how to tell time for that watch ?
the boy nodded his head in the affirmative .
another lesson .
never tell me you know something if you do n't .
i do n't mind it if you do n't know not knowing if you are n't shown , is n't your fault ?
not knowing because you were n't shown because you pretended to unk_VB stupidity , emilio cautioned .
i know how to tell time , how to read the clock .
im not stupid , the boy declared angrily .
ah , so he speaks .
very good .
but you still have n't learned my first lesson .
by showing me how youre feeling , either in your voice or eyes or body , youre giving me advantage of you .
and i use that to destroy you .
so well work with you learning to control your emotions to be cool and collected all times .
its the first lesson will teach you , and probably the most single valuable .
emilio studied the boys features , dark brown eyes radiating quiet intensity .
once you master the ability to manage your inner domain , you have the power of others instead of them , having power over you .
learning so to do the matter to practice .
more you practice , more composed has become and faster youll progress .
its not just about hiding your emotions from the others , its about arresting your state .
if you lose control , you will lose .
its that simple .
if nothing else , can always remember that .
you lose .
the emilio glanced at the pitchfork then back to the boy .
and something tells me you do n't like losing , eh ?
well , heres another piece of experience in a lifetime of mistakes , winning takes usually work a lot of it .
and practice .
and , commitment .
which is where i have come in .
so happy birthday , treat your watch with care and it will function well for many years and get into the hay its not going to move itself .
the emilio turned and strode towards the building and the dirt riding path , leaving the boy in his thoughts .
the emilio could tell he was one tough little bastard , that was sure .
it was n't easy to be reining him in .
it was the same as the horses .
don miguel was a smart man , and he was clear that he expected the boy to be groomed to a suitable heir to be his rapidly fortune expanding .
the next five or six years were ones forged the boys character and made him to whatever he could ultimately be .
tough is good .
so stubborn .
and smart .
don miguel stressed was how intelligent the boy was , devouring every book he could get his hands on .
that was a powerful combination of character traits .
the emilio would steer him in the direction where he had an outlet at his obvious simmering anger .
don did n't have time to raise him and teach him about what hed need to know .
every day brought more and more threats than dons survival , the truth was ; he was hiding in much of the time , directing his affairs to the safe distance .
don miguel was now a major player in the mexican trafficking scheme , but the spoils came risks .
there was a constant and never-ending supply of enemies that cut his throat to the slightest advantage .
the danger was very real and immediate .
so he could leave his beloved unk_NN his horses and had become a general of an ongoing war coming home only for brief visits when he deemed it safe .
in dons business , there was no retiring to no quitting to pursue other interests .
trade operated according to the law of the jungle , you kept killing until something killed you .
if you are the meanest and smartest predator , perhaps youd have a long life .
so far miguel miguel had proved up to be every challenge .
that would change in a blink , but the emilio did n't think so .
he was one of a million , easily genius , as well as ruthless utterly and clinically calculating .
that combination of traits is rare , especially in business that boasted more testosterone than a boxing club .
but don was also looking for the future .
he realized the boy was always a target , no matter what pursuit he chose , like an adult .
which meant he needed to be equipped with the skills that would enable him to survive in a world filled with enemies .
the emilio was boys at the best shot of survival .
he would teach him lessons he would need to learn well in order to stay alive , and hopefully to flourish .
he would make the boy to the man .
starting today .
he was remarkably self-possessed , excelled in his studies and worked diligently through his exercises .
emilio transitioned him in hay for a real workout in order to keep up with his rapidly developing physique .
sculpted his upper body , a series of unk_JJ exercises , culminating in unk_NNS and push-ups conditioned his lower body with increasingly longer runs .
even as he approached his fourteenth birthday , he was easily mistaken for two years older , and his gait had taken with a measured confidence of an athlete .
don don stopped occasionally and surprised each time hed been for the boys development .
after six months had gone to a time , it seemed taller than each visit the boy was inches and sporting a few more pounds of muscle .
don miguel was pleased with the metamorphosis and indicated his satisfaction with generous increases in the boys allowance , as well as unk_NN unk_NN .
the boy was now easily half of the unk_NNS , because the number of skills was learned to be learned the number to skills increased in his age .
he was already an accomplished horseback rider and swimmer , and shown considerable aptitude for unk_NN .
that was how he approached things methodically , unk_RB .
hed quickly taken unk_NNS counsel on the heart , and what at controlling his emotions no matter no stimuli .
emilio taught him any number of tricks to help him remain detached , and calm in any situation .
on his fourteenth birthday was that don miguel was nowhere to be found , but sent a substantial financial stipend , lavished with the boys newest training weapons .
at this point he knew the boy would practice until he excelled in whatever challenge , and he was n't disappointed in his firearms progress .
a year , the boy was a crack shot after any weapon you handed him , firing either right or left handed .
nobody was hurt , no harm was done , and everyone was getting bountiful christmas bountiful year , so there was no reason to rock any boats .
it would live and let live as far as law enforcement was concerned , which worked out in everyones best interests .
the boy quickly grew comfortable , provided by any guns on him .
transitioned into his fourteenth year in his fifteenth , he had exceeding all expectations , had emilio behind him .
he set up the two coffee cans were thirty yards away from each other , paced off forty yards to the boy and held out both handguns .
the left target , shoot at your left hand using the revolver .
one , right , use unk_NN .
as quickly as you can , fire while maintaining an accuracy emilio instructed .
the boy hefted both pistols , getting the feel of their weight .
he knew about hundreds of hours in experience , firing the big bore revolver required different skills in the smaller automatic caliber .
how many pounds of the trigger pressure on the unk_NN ?
the boy asked .
i wonder if youre in a situation where you have to use someone elses weapon whether being able to answer that to you .
my guess is not emilio replied .
the boy shrugged .
never hurt to ask .
he calculated the distance and then began firing weapons alternating rapidly , but not an uncontrolled manner .
a pair of cans theyd been filled with water , sprouted leaks .
after emptying both weapons in their direction , they walked over to inspect the results .
with six possible hits of the revolver , five found their mark .
all nine the emilio loaded to unk_NN being found unk_NN .
not bad .
i guessed you did n't hit any of the revolver .
the only problem is that one you ca n't hit it in might , one you needed to save your life .
well need more this practice , switch things up to you .
and i want to start practicing while running or riding in the vehicle soon .
this was high praise for the emilio , grudging of his unk_NNS .
the boy smiled .
he understood his performance was extraordinary .
nobody he knew had done it .
but the emilio was right .
there was no room for error and no satisfaction to be had almost great from .
the unk_NNS were only concern for the boy , the inevitable matured were interest that he showed on his daughter , jasmine .
she was younger than a year of the boy , but already beauty , thankfully reflecting her mothers genes rather than unk_NNS .
jasmines mother died when she was five emilio leaving to shoulder the burden assisted her from his sister and mother .
in which the ladies in which ladies as he called them , return the jasmine while he was working .
the only quirk shed shown a deep interest in the occult , driven no doubt by a frustrated desire to somehow relate to her departed mother .
emilio worried , but the ladies assured him it was just a phase , a way to appear more mysterious as she came to age .
unk_NNS days consisted of working as the boy and the horses .
once children were both home at school , his attention was focused almost exclusively to the boy , jasmine leaving a trained on the ways of feminine ladies in the world .
this was n't because any lack of love on the unk_JJ part .
by the contrary , he lived , jasmine .
he rationalized that this was natural , and hopefully also pass .
she just needed other women to learn whatever it was they had learned while he taught the boy how to do masculine things .
the nearest culiacan was a large city , half an hour drive to the ranch .
it had a number of martial arts schools specializing in the judo , karate , and the kung unk_NN .
a boy , convinced emilio , his development warranted three classes a week .
his classmates had treated him as a polite and cautious deference , on at that point .
he did n't mix with the rest of his peers and showed no interest in friendships with a casual unk_NN in the halls .
they were the children given by excitement or emotional flights , whereas he was almost an adult , which was always restrained .
he was quiet and withdrawn , and tended to keep to himself , preferring to limit his mingling to jasmine in the recess .
they had grown close to virtue of their shared male authority figure .
it was a unk_NN relationship in the most part , but the ladies cautioned both emilio and jasmine things would have to change once they both matured .
shortly after he turned sixteen and after fifteen she occurred , the two became inseparable in spite of the admonitions of adults .
the boy had grown on a gangly colt , a self-possessed , young man with looks that made the females glance at him twice , and jasmine radiated the beauty dazzling behold .
so what are you up to ?
the same as ever .
the last days of the school of year and the constant practice of your father .
ah , yes , practice .
thats got to get old for a while , she said , offering a gleaming smile .
the boy eyed the proceedings with marginal interest , his attention drawn more than a jasmines skin of smooth skin and flashing eyes on unk_JJ anything .
when the show was over , electricity seemed to be the crackle of jasmine and the boy , unspoken , but as powerful as a lightning strike .
come on .
the boy nodded swallowing hard , his mouth suddenly dry , and they walked to the edge of the clearing and then the heavy woods surrounding the ranch .
where are you going ?
he asked , but she did n't answer to anything but shush as she led the way .
the heat of the day 's day built the muggy during the approaching storm , and the change in the atmosphere of water was palpable .
i just wanted to get away for a while .
its so damned hot in the house and nothing to do .
im bored , she complained as her lips flashing a hint of a smile as she took on the stream .
how about you ?
dont you get tired every day the same thing never been anything new ?
its driving me crazy , he moved to the edge of the bank and picked up a small flat stone then tossed it into the swirling current .
who would n't ?
he admitted , and then they both fell silent , contemplating the gentle streams surge .
jasmine sat down in the water and then lay back on the grass , considering the configuration of sparse , puffy clouds overhead as though they held some sort of secret .
hed been always easy in her presence ; the familiarity had bred for years in proximity , but now suddenly everything felt different and he did n't think of anything to say .
the warm breeze stirred the surrounding trees , and for a moment the time stood still last time lingering perfection as though in it forever .
jasmine rolled behind him and reached up with a trembling hand , then pulled him down to her , no words required .
he hesitated for a brief instant , and then he was lying next to her , her scent vaguely floral as inviting as anything ever dreamt of .
his lips found hers and his eyes closed even as hers remained open , neither look at them , neither recognized .
the boys tentative gentleness gradually shifted into a more aggressive confidence and soon the urgency were building behind him that dictated its own pace .
her rhythm matched his new unfamiliar hunger , now in her control , the need a little more than smolder , suddenly flaring up to become an out-of-control blaze .
im hot .
come on .
obvious that its wonderful , she invited and he glanced down at his shirt and pants evidence in his arousal .
the day passed through the fog of desire , their appetites finally unleashed , the forbidden secrets of each others , now bodies accessible wonder to be explored .
a couple found time to sneak away even while the unk_JJ watch , as young lovers often confounding the best intentions of their guardians .
theyd spend long hours with each others arms around the barn or hidden away from one of the recesses of the main house or their original rendezvous spot in the stream .
fully once , theyd discovered their passion that they were prisoners whod crossed the long dry desert and found themselves in the oasis .
their unk_NN soon became daily event and for the first time in his life the boy found himself enraptured by another human being .
the boy was even willing to entertain jasmines quirky ideas in the nature of reality , and indulged her penchant for spirituality and paranormal , which had gradually developed by the borderline borderline .
every other utterance was what her what fate or stars wanted , which boy attributed to her exotic nature and bored intellect .
even though don miguel was ever ever evidence , he insisted the boy all times as though the attack was imminent at the ranch .
this is just another way to which he is different to his cartel brethren that he is a meticulous planner , and left nothing by chance .
that stood him in good stead in his life ; he was unk_JJ with possible threats to his family or entourage .
the young couple leaned their bicycles in front of the house and unk_CC ascended three rickety steps .
jasmine knocked to the door and the flakes of sun-bleached paint dusted her knuckles , the sound of their arrival echoing off the unk_NN walls .
after a considerable pause the weathered door was opened to an ancient woman , a gray-haired wearing a red gauze gypsy shawl that was trimmed with small gold coins .
she fixed them both one-eyed stare , lost the vision of her other eye long ago .
the boy felt momentary revulsion when he saw her unk_JJ pupil but hid his reaction and braved a tentative smile .
so this is a young man .
welcome , jasmine , mi jasmine .
look at him .
yes one strapping .
handsome you are right about that and strong as a bull , id wager .
come in , come in madame unk_NN , gesturing toward the gloomy interior of her unk_JJ hand .
sit at the table .
lets see what we have , eh ?
first look at your palm and see what gods gods have written in terms of love and lifeand then do reading .
she peered through them through the gloom , a crafty expression on her wizened face .
the bowl and money disappeared quickly , and then madame moved into a room , lighting candles and incense .
the overall effect was somewhat clumsy , but effective in local unk_NN , he supposed .
what jasmine found so fascinating all about it was him , but if it made her happy so was it .
accepting her fascination in judgment seemed a small enough price to pay to find heaven in her embrace .
the crone approached the table and switched on a dusty yellow lamp in the hanging intricate unk_NN shade , which directed most of the light from the center of the table .
she sat across from the boy and gestured toward him .
give me your hand .
right hand .
palm up .
just relax .
this was n't hurt .
much she assured him , then cackled .
he wondered shed gotten her act from central casting on the unk_NN horror film the kind which was popular with local unk_NNS , with badly dubbed a spanish or blurry unk_NNS .
still , he played along and dutifully placed his hand on the table .
the woman took it to hers and made a variety of sounds intended to signal the deep thought , no doubt .
i see your love line is clear .
you only have one real love of your life , and it is early in your time here .
your lifeline is different .
its long but has many breaks signaling something unusual .
maybe for illness , maybe , brushes to death .
but it continues , so you can prevail on it unk_RB .
this went on for a while and he feigned polite interest in ambiguous unk_NNS of his possible future .
of course , with jasmine sitting there , listening , love was early and intense and genuine that held the element of truth .
when he was jasmine , he felt like an eagle soaring in the clouds .
the intensity of his feelings around her was almost scary .
it gave her power to him that his training advised him to the recoil from .
still , unk_NNS were not to be denied and he was smitten , that was sure .
is this the tarot ?
it all knows all and tells .
nobody can hide the truth of the tarot and its words possess the wisdom of ages .
sure , they do .
a hundred of my unk_NNS are worth to be exact .
cheesy canned tunes and gypsy act .
he wished shed on with it .
the woman began her ritual and paused at the end of the shed revealed all the cards .
the boy was absently studying photos of the stained wall , her , his attention caught in the raven photograph , or perhaps crow perched on the barbed-wire fence .
something about it chilled his blood , but he did n't know why .
hed tuned into her prattle with his gaze roamed at the images , thinking thoughts worthy of his energy rather than listening as superstitious mumbo-jumbo .
his awareness returned grudgingly to the table , pulled into the photo of the crow as madame unk_JJ contemplated the meaning of cards .
she pointed at several with a trembling finger .
this is death .
its reading placement , is ominous .
it would signal many things , but in this sequence it was hints that you were constantly surrounded by death .
the woman continued droning , but the boy was unk_VBG out again .
gee , good guess .
youre living in culiacan on don miguel as your protector and benefactor are going to be surrounded by death .
what stretch and surprise to one and all ?
nonstop weapons and survival training the jasmine had no doubt chatted with the woman about n't unk_NN or anything .
hell , all he had to do was close his eyes , and he could bring death to the surface fresh as though it had only occurred just yesterday .
insightful insightful so far .
he was getting his moneys worth .
what is next ?
and this , the defining card , was the king of swords .
but its inverted .
which is a negative sign .
it could mean many things , most of which involve destruction and selfish consequences inverted .
the boy asked , said finally interested in something shed .
its upside down , medium in a tremulous voice .
not like me , the boy observed .
he was sitting beside her .
they were both correct .
tense drew in close and abrupt close , the woman seeming suddenly anxious to be rid of them .
no doubt she felt shed done enough of her unk_NN with a hundred unk_NNS and hoping for more than the revenue of the day .
she had n't responded well with the boys reading mockery as theyd pedaled it to a personal affront to her sacred beliefs .
in retrospect , he had chosen his few words for more kindness .
unk_VBN baffling bullshit , as was superstitious idiocy .
whatever the womans ability to divine the future , one thing changed forever that afternoon on .
jasmine and he had never been the same to which he attributed directly to vicious vicious old black predictions .
the old crone had the ability to unk_VB the future , all right in that shed , initiated a subtle campaign to undermine their relationship , for who knew what reason .
but he quickly learned the power of superstition would be significant the lesson he could carry forward to him in life .
the previous months had passed on the topic of how to deal with a romantic unk_NN , often aired on the elders of the compound .
it was the constant sticking point of emilio and the ladies .
the emilio was an opinion that if the boy was going to sampling his precious unk_NN flowers bounty , he would plan on getting married , the sooner the better .
the ladies had argued with any sort of confrontation , because partially because of who he was , as well mitigating their youth .
neither jasmine , nor the boy was aware of the seething disagreement their unk_NNS had caused not either of them particularly interested in older adults opinions .
the arrogance of the youth inevitably believed in its supremacy , and convinced typically young , aged had a little grasp of how the modern world worked .
the boy lapped it up more growing each day and eventually moved to his infatuation , jasmine , even as she showed no further appetite for him .
it was that sixteenth summer he had made a mental resolution , island , impenetrable and aloof , using the others at his convenience , but nothing more .
for the first time in his life hed opened up and entrusted the jasmine of his heart , only to be repaid in her spitting on his face in his trouble .
his rigid training provided a solution , never would allow anyone to get close , never reveal your true self and never care .
and so it was that he found the philosophy that afforded him some relief in his time in confused pain .
others had no innate value to him beyond what they would do to further his agenda or meet his demands .
they were the objects that only existed in minor planets orbiting his solar system in which he was in the sun 's unk_NN of life and a destroyer of worlds .
the boy had a slim interest in considering the ramifications of his chosen worldview .
his training now consumed all of his free hours as he sought to exceed even the highest bars emilio would conjure in challenges .
hed increased his dojo sessions five times a week and quickly mastered the most of the offered techniques .
he had an ravenous intellect behind any his instructors had ever seen as a young man who could do or whatever he wanted .
the remainder of his sixteenth year are spent in rigorous pursuit of excellence whether they intellectual , physical , or unk_VBN endeavors .
his teen years had been in the defining period where he honed his proficiency on the razors edge .
the discipline emilio sought that instill yielded incredible dividends .
the boy was almost superhuman , with his commitment and unk_NN .
it was as though providence had blessed him with a surplus of fitness and unk_NN .
by the time he was due to turn seventeen , emilio was satisfied that his work as the boy had done .
hed made the transition to the boy , the young man , and the world was now his playground to do with as he liked .
chapter 4 eleven years ago , the veracruz , mexico the navy base was expansive of veracruz , crawling with personnel and equipment .
this was primary headquarters in the gulf region , and where the specialized training of the countrys equivalent of seals , place unk_NN unk_NNS , or special forces .
this elite team of fighters were just created by the unk_NN of the navys marine infantry marines .
they were mexicos ultimate ninja squad to be used to the most dangerous of circumstances , the most hazardous of missions .
the young man abruptly departed the sinaloa hed floated out of mexico for a few months , creating the appropriate paperwork , so he could join the navy using a virgin identity .
he quickly impressed his commanding officers of his supernatural weapons capabilities and placed on a fast track to the new group .
he was a dream candidate for a job , young , athletic , prodigy , guns , smart , fearless , and extremely tough .
if vocation ever made specially made for him one of the new navy commandos was it .
even the motto resonated between him , unk_NN , unk_NN ... unk_NN .
with force , spirit and wisdom .
he had all three of abundance and hed arrived in a perfect place to continue an education hed begun to the emilio .
hed signed up for a few months his seventeenth birthday , although his new paperwork had put his age at eighteen and a half .
that was necessary artifice as his selection of the name so he could start anew without any baggage in his past .
the young man was now calling himself a unk_JJ unk_NN as good as any other , he supposed .
the names are unimportant to him .
they were disposable as everything in his life was most .
unk_NN excelled in brutal training conditions , told which truth , and more relaxed than the ones hed imposed on himself for years .
but he learned a lot , especially on the explosives side .
there was nothing but the military to unk_VB the kind of training you , just did n't get in civilian life , no matter what you did .
he became a model of all men who would follow , demanding more of himself than anything his trainers was mustered .
young unk_NN was far more motivated than any of his classmates to get all he could in his service years .
he viewed his time in the military , the stepping stone , whereas his peers go on to career soldiers .
none of which he told his recruiting officer .
after basic training , he stood out as far as the quality of the other green recruits .
his scores of written exams floored instructors .
here was unk_RB smart , swim here , shoot , marksman and had physical prowess with a professional athlete .
today they had been working on , specialized sniping a long range considered anything about a thousand meters or almost thirty-three a hundred feet .
at such extreme distances , the variety came to the elements of play with wind strength and direction , humidity , temperature , elevation , and rate of movement , if it was n't stationary target .
while recorded instances of snipers successfully killing by twenty-four more hundred meters , those are anomalies anomalies .
a mile over sixteen hundred meters , the target was away .
the days exercise was targets , confirmed distance to a thousand meters , or roughly three quarters of a mile .
many snipers preferred smaller unk_CD caliber rifles with precision , and an official sniper rifle in the marines , heckler & koch , unk_NN firing a unk_CD millimeter round .
each sniper cadet got assigned a coach which gave firing order and then received a report from unk_NN .
accuracy dropped off markedly , once crossed the seven hundred meter threshold , and there were a few who would deliver precise hits to over eight hundred .
what did your nose tell you ?
coach asked unk_RB .
moderate humidity .
guesstimate on the wind speed and direction .
seven ten knots of unk_NN , unk_NN replied .
thirty degrees unk_NN .
were going to do this as a computer .
purely based on your observations .
if youre confident of your observations can adjust your bearings accordingly .
good luck , the coach said , and then stepped back , leaving the young man to himself .
unk_NN concentrated on controlling his breathing and soon synthesized his entire awareness into the tiny world through the scope .
long ago hed learned never to pull the trigger as it would throw off accuracy .
the deliberate squeeze was the best .
the radio crackled and the report came back .
the unk_NN .
good shooting .
they repeated the exercise for ten shots at all , which landed in ten inch grouping .
i think done here , young man .
that was impressive shooting .
unk_UH looked up at the coach .
he was emboldened by his success and wanted to try to a personal best .
he got along well with the man , so he floated his idea .
why do n't we try it to unk_CD meters ?
just to make it interesting .
unk_UH suggested .
the coach looked at him like he was crazy .
pretty cocky , huh ?
thats an impossible range of that weapon and that ammo , not to mention that scope .
do you want to put the money on it ?
coach asked .
fifteen hundred meters just a mile away and the absolute maximum of rifles range of unk_JJ target .
two hundred unk_NNS says i nail it to three of five .
although i agree this ammo is a crap about that distance .
id prefer to load it myself to a better consistency , but , hey , unk_UH said .
but three misses , we can go home and im two hundred richer .
the coach got over the radio and issued instructions from the man unk_NN , who obligingly moved the target to the farthest point of the field before taking cover .
its your funeral .
fire when ready , the coach said .
unk_UH took his time , made the further adjustments to the scope , then repeated his meditation process where he became one of the weapon .
the discharge almost startled him so his concentration had focused .
there was no need to wait for the radio to report .
he knew what it could say .
unk_UH , twenty centimeters from the center , the radio crackled .
be right or left .
or low or high .
tell him specific , would you ?
unk_NN unk_VBN .
wide-eyed , the coach studied unk_RB like he was another planet then posed a question .
the response came back .
ill be right .
thats what i thought hed say .
the winds died down the hair for the last thirty seconds .
tell him in clear , unk_NN said .
once he got to go ahead , he repeated an impossible shot .
four more times .
all shots grouped at the foot of variance .
the coach gladly handed to the two hundred unk_NNS on a single most astounding display of marksmanship hed ever witnessed .
youre the fucking monster , you know that .
thats voodoo shit right there .
ive never seen anything like it , and ive been teaching for over ten years .
after that , i one of the top three marksmen in mexico unk_VBD the coach , studying him in the kind of wonder .
those that can , both men laughed together in spite of the unk_JJ age difference .
shoot unk_NN never again with that accuracy in that distance , preferring to limit his performance to average more expectations .
it would n't do to show off or to develop too much of the reputation .
better had one of a million day and then graduate to the top third of the class on top .
he remembered unk_NNS sage counsel from when he could just sprout .
never show too much of your hand .
is that to give your enemies information to make a gift ?
and friends have become enemies .
so know how good you are and then take a private pleasure from that accomplishment .
becoming a celebrated makes you a target .
better to be in the middle of the herd when the hunters come to the head .
in the evening unk_UH enjoyed his place , a spotlight to his peers , as the news of his exploit unk_VBD .
the information is power and allowing no , inviting others to understand that his capabilities were foolhardy .
his goal was to drain what experience he could in the service and then slip away from the ghost .
it would serve no useful purpose to have noticed any more than he had already been .
at that point he could adopt the lower profile and continue to accumulate pearls in experience with his work there .
that night as he lay his head on his bunk , he began the silent mental countdown .
when did he begin his new new life ?
the patience he told himself was virtue pay enormous dividends it became his bedtime mantra .
he needed to maximize his learning while he was still at school .
thats how he viewed his life as the point hed arrived at it was his education .
the time would come soon when the pupil proved himself to be the master , but by now he had lessons to absorb .
and he still needed more hours of a scuba time as well as some orientation of flying planes and helicopters .
the latter two did n't curriculum , but he was unk_VBG to get them added .
you never know too much .
despite the visions of his future cascading into his awareness , he slowly drifted off to sleep , his days finally toil at the end .
flying the panamanian flag , caruso was flying , at least forty years and made a long trip to times south countless america .
the dark was paint on her dented steel sides bubbled through the rivets through the underlying rust .
she looked her last legs as many of the freighters that made their way into a busy deep water port .
it was ingenious design ; the modifications had taken place at a discreet shipyard of the colon , panama while other unk_NNS had been attended to .
it was far more unk_JJ to use unk_NNS muscle instead of your own , and if rivals got into a firefight in the process , so much the better .
the long marines were considered the only incorruptible branch in the military .
the army was notoriously riddled with rot , but marines for whatever reason , had n't bought off and so most feared of law enforcement branches .
in mexico , the army and navy worked between the police and unk_NNS , the internal security , who included battling the drug cartels , especially in the recent unk_NN , with more specialized groups .
the total budget in the army was less percent of the unk_NN , who had put it at considerably in a billion dollars .
that was contrast over fifty billion dollars a year of wholesale value to cocaine that moved to the cartels .
eighty of ninety percent margin that left narcotraficantes with vastly greater resources in the army .
since the mexicans had taken in cocaine trafficking through the unk_NNS and begun manufacturing unk_NNS in earnest , the money had gotten crazy .
the profits unk_NN 's still significant to one of the two hundred percent unk_NN of mexicans , but in trafficking internationally margin , five of the tenfold .
the incredible margins is the direct function of the unk_NN of substances from the target market in the united states .
but keeping substances illegal , especially since they were huge demand that was caused profits go to the roof .
mexico bore the brunt of the violence which ensued to power struggles , principally because it was in geographic gateway to the largest market of drugs in the world , the united states .
the range was a hundred six meters at the closest point , unk_NN was the need for him , it was not the twenty knot gusting breeze hed factor in .
this was his first active operation since graduating with special forces course , so he felt a tingle of anticipation before finally testing his skills to the unk_JJ environment .
shooting at paper targets or silhouettes was the one range , but the thick of it like enemies shooting back was quite another .
this operation was a tricky one of that , the commander did n't want to get in a gun battle if he did n't have to .
unk_UH questioned the logic involved but did n't say anything .
hed had a high-speed tender secured by the ships , stern with get-away contingency , and also had a man watching a water approach , just in case .
because you never knew really ever you had to expect an unexpected .
but it was n't his place to second-guess his superiors , and he was interested to see how the exercise would play out .
he gave the marines less than twenty percent chance of taking a ship in battle , which meant hed see some real action .
albeit in the distance , but in truth that would be preferred .
long ago hed concluded it was far safer than afar to be a hero rushing by a hail of slugs .
leave that to his peers .
hed pick on his targets with surgical precision before they knew what had hit them .
two large , norwegian wharf rats scurried from the dock away from the ship and the two smoking men .
these were big rodents ; their bodies were eighteen good inches long with tails to match the scavengers the size of small dogs .
the pier area was infested with them , and the city ago had given long ago up on trying to bring the population under control .
unk_UH studied the ships battered bridge for signs of life , scanning slowly around the superstructure and taking his time through each helms reinforced windows .
he knew of his reading , the unk_VBG vessels were designed to withstand the seas withstand up on sixty feet of height , waves waves did n't get any larger than that .
of course , ignored the hundred foot rogue waves recorded with some regularity in industry , because if you built the ships survive those , they were too expensive .
his night-vision scope illuminated the bridge in an eerie green .
there were two armed visible sentries , superstructure , outside one of the bridge walkway , and the other inside .
he could just make out a gleam through the binoculars to the interior that chances of unk_NNS opinion were chances with the commanders scheme working on zero zero .
he was glad it was n't his ass on line in this one .
virtually anything other than the direct assault on the dock .
no wonder military casualties , drug wars , so high .
operational plans that amounted to charge to brandishing the saber and screaming .
little expectation of anything but blood bath .
he did n't envy his fellow commandos their duty tonight .
there was no way this could go well .
he adjusted his scope to compensate for the wind stiffening and calculate the distance between his laser unk_NN .
six-hundred seventy-four meters .
like shooting fish in the barrel , he thought , allowing himself a private luxury of a small smile .
the smile was anything but reassuring .
the commander gave the signal and two undercover men exited the building , one holding a bottle of unk_NN in his hand and talking loudly to the inebriated slur .
when there were six men in the total of the gangplank , theyd breach the ship and more would pour into the building and reinforce them over there .
they had two vehicles waiting to race out filled with armed men who were in the gangplank in fifteen seconds at the time that given the signal .
it seemed like suicide to unk_VB , but it was n't his job to craft a better plan .
he was only there to shoot he positioned perfectly now to do .
it inefficient , which offended his sense of symmetry , more than anything .
he watched as the two men staggered their way down the pier , and then returned his full attention to the bridge .
a pair of undercover operatives in the time they made it to two sentries was a sight of the bridge due to an angle of the hull .
unless of course the two guards moved to which case plan or alternatively would need to be aborted .
walking headfirst into the killing zone was generally bad strategy anywhere in the world , not just mexico , and he did n't see the commander barreling forward , if the plan was doomed to failure .
at least he had hoped not .
the sentry on the exterior of the bridge was carrying a machine pistol , some sort it looked like an uzi to unk_VB .
that meant a limited useful range and accuracy .
antiquated uzi design to an effective range of two hundred meters which was fine in typical unk_JJ urban combat , but lousy of applications requiring accuracy in the distance .
its an effective unk_NN range and an extremely high muzzle velocity made it an ideal choice of assault applications more compensated for its relatively small size .
hed fired all three of the emilio for years and disassemble and reassemble any of them in the matter of seconds so he knew unk_IN he spoke .
their luck was n't going well so far .
two smoking sentries , the dock moved to the men , so without any engagement take place in plain sight of the bridge .
that would mean a full-blown firefight with no cover , likely a very high toll on the special forces side .
he exhaled , unk_VBG his mind in preparation of an imminent attack , and zeroed that barrett unk_CD sniper rifle on the bridge unk_VBZ in the upper torso .
the man on the bridge was still on his biggest concern .
it would show time .
he fixed the bridge target in the crosshairs and waited for instruction .
the commander was watching the approach and not liking what he saw .
he understood to unk_NNP , if the bridge sentries had n't caught unawares , the assault would become a slaughterhouse to his men taking heavy casualties .
after struggling for internal debate , the commander murmured into the com system .
aborted the mission .
shit , the commander hissed , and began pacing mulling over his choices .
now theyd probably have just pull up on armored vehicles and do this in the hard way shooting it out in no element of surprise .
taking out a single sentry in almost a thousand meters was n't really much challenge .
it was a single shot .
maybe two if they would send someone to find some armor-piercing rounds .
i have a word .
unk_UH asked .
the commander regarded him in surprise .
unk_NN was one of his best men , but he never spoke .
he was a loner of no relationships close to corps .
this was n't a great moment .
yes , sir .
i know , sir .
very well .
make it quick , the commander barked .
we need to coordinate the frontal assault before this goes on much longer .
permission to approach , sir ?
get on with it .
unk_UH moved to the commanders side and spoke in a low , calm tone , explaining his ideas and arguing with amphibian assault .
the commander listened carefully and then cut him off for forty-five seconds .
that would require far more stealth and luck than weve had tonight .
no , i think well , good , old-fashioned frontal assault and take our punches .
unk_NN considered arguing the point and then decided he did n't care that much .
hed still get to shoot a couple of bad guys , at least and what he could care about the end if half the squad was mowed down .
yes , sir .
thank you for hearing me out , sir .
if going to do the frontal , i please get a magazine of armor-piercing rounds .
come in , it would be handy to take out the gunman on the bridge of unk_NN requested .
the commander nodded and called to the com , one of the team members waiting for the next building .
twenty minutes .
have em ?
well , move to thirty .
the commander spun around and began issuing orders in preparation of unk_NN assault .
theyd need a couple of armored personnel carriers enough to carry forty men .
the fallback plan was much straightforward .
drive up to the ship .
deploy the men if no firing takes the place and seize the ship .
if the sentries or the crew decided to shoot it out , blast away from everything out of sight and shoot their way across the ship to the crew , either surrendered or dead .
it was inelegant and a result of a lot of bullets flying , but it had the benefit of simplicity .
unk_UH thanked him and emptied half of one of spare magazines , counting out five shells and replacing them with five armor-piercing rounds .
he ejected the current bullet with the rifle and chambered one of the new armor-piercing cartridges , then returned to watching the sentries through his night-vision scope .
the commander checked his watch , and unk_CD precisely a.m. ordered the assault through which everything quickly happened .
two gray unk_NNS that resembled a small tanks , anything more else rumbled from the corner and out onto the pier , followed by two hulking trucks .
sentries , dock froze , staring at numb disbelief as the apparition , and then hurriedly scuttled up the gangplank and disappeared up onto the ship .
one mans head reappeared for a few seconds and then the gangplank collapsed onto the concrete pier below .
david followed the crash almost immediately through the watertight steel door slamming shut behind the boom .
as it was barred within , the grinding of the cogs was audible halfway down the dock , even with a baritone growl of vehicles .
it was going considerably harder to take the freighter now , because of forewarned traffickers .
unk_UH took in the situation for a few moments , waiting for the right instant and squeezed the trigger .
the guns boom was deafening .
after the ringing the ears , he watched in satisfaction , both of the sentry standing on the bridge and the man collapsed inside .
hed timed it so he fired when the outside man was directly in front of the man on the bridge , effectively killing two birds of one armor-piercing stone .
no reason to waste his precious ammo , after all .
he swiveled his attention to the hull where he could just make out heads popping up here and there , the nocturnal version of the unk_NN in a fairground stall .
the man wearing a baseball cap fired and leaned his weapon against the vehicles below .
unk_UH caressed the trigger again and watched as the shooters head vaporized .
moving down the line , he waited for the opening and took out another .
he was now four down the three shells , three he felt was fair contribution to the ensuing train wreck of the operation .
that left the commandos and traffickers into the classic mexican standoff .
the shooting stopped at the other ship , with a lone gunman , who had n't made it inside in time , but the bulk of the bridges tower and so unk_NNS line of sight .
with the firing of two unk_NNS also stopped though the entire waterfront area still resonated with receding echoes of gunfire .
the commander barked orders from radio and men , personnel carriers , and took up the position to mount the assault .
the men below flung the three grappling hooks affixed to a nylon nylon rope around the unk_NNS edge .
the unk_VBN hooks all found the purchase .
unk_NN decided to shift his position and moved in a row of warehouse windows until he placed more symmetrically and see down the entire length of the ship .
he set his rifle tripod down to be careful , not being careful with the jar the weapon and resumed peering through the scope .
there at the farthest end of the ship was gunman in the right stern , taking cover of unk_JJ lip on the boats deck edge .
unk_UH calculated the distance and added additional forty yards and adjusted accordingly , then waited for the mans head to pop back up .
unk_UH took his shot and the mans head dissolved into a bloody spray of fragments .
the deck was now empty , although it was still ugly at the fighting for the ship .
not his problem .
the commander gave the squad unk_JJ signal , and the seconds commandos swiftly moving up the ropes of the ship above .
sure enough , one of the glass hatches on the side opened and the gun barrel poked out .
the first commandos was only a few feet on the edge , so he had only second before exposed to the gunman .
unk_NN fired , and the assault rifle tumbled harmlessly off the deck below , unk_VBD taking three quarters of the mans arm around it .
that would give the rest of something to think about .
out out there it was a textbook unk_NN .
they had to use explosives to blow the doors open and fifteen minutes the hull of gunfire echoed through the boats .
eventually the commander got all the clear call of the men inside and the status report .
theyd taken six hostiles out , no survivors and lost nine men in the process .
unk_NN listened to unk_NN impassively , his face betraying nothing .
the commander glanced at him as he heard the casualty assessment , but unk_NN was busy packing up his gear , his work night finished .
the commander approached him and stopped a few feet away , studying the silent sniper as he finished stowing his weapon in a long padded case .
great shooting .
you saved a lot of lives tonight , said the commander .
instead he nodded and stood , shouldering the rifle case and unk_VBG his bag .
thank you , sir .
i had some lucky shots tonight .
we are all fortunate .
nothing more there to say , he saluted with his free hand before descending the stairs to join the remainder of his team .
it was a long stretch of duty to the bodies , and the drugs unk_VBD , and he wanted to get out of the commanders sight in his contempt as the man leaked to his veneer .
it was n't worth it .
most of the world is composed the commander is idiots simply one dolt in many and nothing that unk_NN said or change things .
it was that night in his first live operation , he probably hed already learned everything he was going on the military .
the time had already come after little year in the service to reconsider his options .
to make matters worse , he witnessed countless acts of bumbling bureaucracy with ranking officers , costing the men with their command casualties for no good reason .
although he had different ideas about how he was the service of them .
he was now three months shy on his nineteenth birthday and free to do as he pleased .
yet some unfinished business he needed was to attend to back in sinaloa , before he moved on through the next phase of his life .
hed learned to trust his judgment of these things so he hopped on the bus and began a long trip to the veracruz in culiacan .
wearing the uniform of a special forces commando , he was afforded the privilege in the bus company so thankfully it would cost him almost nothing to cross the nation .
the two days hed left his naval career behind , he descended the stairs in culiacan , blinking in the bright sunlight of the early spring day .
forty-two hours , cramped for buses , eating whatever junk he could get to irregular stops , his first order of business was to have a decent meal .
he had set off in search of a restaurant that his favorite back in the day .
at the terminal , he hailed a cab , reciting the address from the memory of the driver as he slid into the back seat .
the young man changed into hed last town as had a city itself growing in leaps and bounds .
the boy left and returned the man .
the taxi arrived at the restaurant , la unk_FW unk_NN nestled on the banks of canal unk_NNS .
the young man paid the driver and stepped out onto the pavement , unk_VBG his duffle as he studied the restaurant faade .
it was tuesday , so business was breakfast thin , who had n't the case had it been a weekend .
the place typically had unk_NN crowd of saturdays and sundays due to generous portions of mouthwatering food and soothing waterside ambiance .
he had been there a few times before the emilio on the special occasions , and it was one of things that would be since boarding the bus as veracruz .
in this sleepy area , things seemed to always remain the same as even the city grew at an unprecedented rate .
the waitress arrived at a heaping platter for breakfast and as he tucked in he ran down his mental list .
the first thing he would need to do secure reliable transportation .
taxis were n't going to be an option for what he had in mind so hed need , get some sort of unk_NN sooner rather later .
his unk_NN was as thin as it was ; that was stealing something , or probably several somethings depending on how far he decided to travel .
he munched on his food , savoring rich , spicy sauce , and cleaned his plate with unk_NN as efficiently .
stuffed he paid the bill and strolled out to rural road , scanning the surroundings for something he could liberate unk_RB .
within seconds he was in a cab scanning the surrounding street to ensure he was n't detected .
it took him ten seconds to find the ignition wires , and soon he meandering down the familiar road that led to don miguels estate .
the landscape was still verdant and wild , seemingly impatient to be encroach on a slim progress man introduced nature .
when he was a quarter mile past the turnoff of the ranch , he pulled the old truck into the dirt track that led to the wilds and parked where it had n't been seen on the road .
it was cool in february , so he barely broke the sweat as he moved effortlessly through the foliage .
he paused momentarily , ears straining on any hint of habitation , but he detected nothing .
the main house was deserted , none of the security men everywhere when hed been living there .
no matter , he did n't come to anything in the house .
he wanted to see his mentor , emilio , and of course his daughter .
the young man continued around the perimeter and track until he reached the caretakers house that reposed several hundred yards in the woods .
he knew that trail , hed been on it , only yesterday , loosely placed flagstone that served in the driveway all too familiar to his feet .
surprisingly , he felt the buzz of anxiety in the pit of his stomach as he neared the front door altogether the alien sensation behind him .
pausing on the front porch , he registered there was something different at home the last time hed seen it , almost two years ago .
it seemed quiet , as though nobody were living there much from the main estate , appeared in the distance .
there it sat , unchanged , next to the small chevy unk_NN emilio bought from jasmine to his miguel 's don bonuses .
he moved back to the porch and knocked again .
open the door .
its unk_NN back , he yelled .
from the inside , he heard a faint rustling , and then jasmines the distinctive voice .
go away .
theres nothing to you here .
open the door .
i need to talk to your father .
its important , he tried again .
hes dead .
everyones dead .
miguel , my father , his sister and his mother .
theres me only left now , and i do n't want to see you .
just leave .
go now and stay away , jasmine warned .
how is that possible ?
whats happened since i left ?
tell me , jasmine .
just open the door .
i do n't want to have this conversation with a slab of wood .
i just travelled a thousand miles to see , unk_UH , jasmine .
im begging you .
i need to see you .
no , you do n't .
you left without a word for anyone , and now death has come to the valley , and its only me left alive and you .
do yourself a favor and now leave while you can , jasmine implored him .
if you do n't open the door break in .
you know i find the way .
please , jasmine .
this has gone long enough .
open the damned door , so we can speak of adults .
i need to know what , unk_CC i need your help , he finished , hoping that appeal something to her .
he could understand that she did not want to see him , but there were too many unanswered questions for him to take no for an answer .
after the seemingly eternal pause , the lock rattled and the door creaked open .
it was dark in the small living room , all the drapes pulled , he saw as jasmine padded bare feet back in the chair in front of television , and sat .
she was wearing a nightgown , even though it was close to noon .
it was so dim he could hardly make her out .
we can turn on the light or open the window .
i could n't see my own hand in front of me .
unk_JJ comfortable with it like this .
this is my house now , so i keep like i am in the way .
leave if you have a problem with it , jasmine advised in a monotone .
what the hell is going on here ?
even two years people did n't change that much .
what happened ?
no problem .
you want it dark , i like it dark .
we start over .
tell me what happened to your father , emilio .
ill start at the beginning .
i have n't had any news since i left .
i see you have a uniform .
is that what happened to you ?
you ran away and joined the navy .
thats classic .
a total clich she exclaimed with a bitter laugh .
its a little more complicated than that .
but tell me about your father .
when you left , you got out just in time .
someone executed miguel , as well as one of his lieutenants , either that same day or day after .
i do n't really remember now so much happened so quickly .
anyway , nobody knew what to do and it was chaos here .
but the word traveled fast because before don miguel was on the ground , his rivals where fighting over how his empire was divided up .
it quickly escalated to the usual blood feud , and soon culiacans streets were littered with dead , jasmine explained .
the drug lord had disappeared from the chaos that followed no one much cared what happened to the boy .
and your father ?
one night several trucks showed up in the house and we heard gunfire .
he executed a few remaining staff at unk_NN , then he came to us .
my father had several guns and he tried to defend us and even killed three of altamars henchmen , but for end it was nothing .
there were too many of them , and they shot him to death out in front of unk_NN , dog .
unk_PRP was n't even business .
he just ran the horses and raised you , her voice trailed off .
im jasmine so sorry .
ii did n't know what to say to nothing to say .
after killing him , they broke down the door , dragged my grandmother and auntie outside and shot them in the head .
good god !
unk_VB god , you escaped , but i ca n't n't see you .
i tried to shoot them , but i was shaking too much , and my first shot missed .
so then they came to history meand , she said flatly .
what happened , jasmine ?
can you tell me ?
he did n't know how to react to the horrible story and afraid to hear the rest , but he could n't help himself .
what happened ?
what happened ?
nobody here to protect me from you gone and my family killed .
they took turns raping me , what happened over and over half night ?
i passed out and when i came to , they raping me more .
it went on for hours .
i know nothing i can say , or make anything better .
but find these men and punish them for what they did to you .
pay of interest added .
just go .
i do n't want your help .
my life was over before it had a chance to begin really .
its not your fault , but i do n't want to see you ever again .
you remind me of unk_RB that i had jasmine hope , listen to me .
theres still hope .
i know what happened to be horrible and stay with you forever , but theres always hope .
make this right , or at least avenge your family and you , young man promised .
no , you wo n't .
and no , no hope .
trust me .
